#2018

Trust is a tricky business。 On the one hand， it‘s a necessary condition 1 many worthwhile things:child care，friendships，etc。On the other hand，putting your 2， in the wrong place often carries a high 3。
4， why do we trust at all? Well， because it feels good。 5 people place their trust in an individual or an institution， their brains release oxytocin， a hormone that
6 pleasurable feelings and triggers the herding instruct that prompts humans to 7 with one another。 Scientists have found that exposure 8 this hormone puts us in a trusting 9: In a Swiss study， researchers sprayed oxytocin into the noses of half the subjects; those subjects were ready to lend significantly higher amounts of money to strangers than were their 10 who inhaled something else。
11 for us， we also have a sixth sense for dishonesty that may 12 us。 A Canadian study found that children as young as 14 months can differentiate 13 a credible person and a dishonest one。 Sixty toddlers were each 14 to an adult tester holding a plastic container。 The tester would ask， “What’s in here?” before looking into the container， smiling， and exclaiming， “Wow!” Each subject was then invited to look 15。 Half of them found a toy; the other half 16 the container was empty-and realized the tester had 17 them。
Among the children who had not been tricked， the majority were 18 to cooperate with the tester in learning a new skill， demonstrating that they trusted his leadership。19，only five of the 30 children paired with the “20”tester participated in a follow-up activity。
1。  on  like  for  from
2。  faith  concern  attention  interest
3。  benefit  debt  hope  price
4。  Therefore  Then  Instead  Again
5。 Until  Unless  Although  When
6。  selects  produces  applies  maintains
7。  consult  compete  connect  compare
8。  at  by of to
9。  context  mood  period  circle
10。 counterparts  substitutes  colleagues supporters 11。 Funny  Lucky  Odd  Ironic
12。 monitor  protect  surprise  delight
13。 between  within  toward  over

 
14。 transferred  added  introduced  entrusted 15。 out  back  around  inside
16。 discovered  proved  insisted  。remembered 17。 betrayed wronged  fooled  mocked
18。 forced  willing  hesitant  entitled
19。 In contrast  As a result  On the whole  For instance
20。 inflexible  incapable  unreliable  unsuitable
Section II Reading Comprehension

Directions:

 1
Among the annoying challenges facing the middle class is one that will probably go unmentioned in the next presidential campaign: What happens when the robots come for their jobs?
Don‘t dismiss that possibility entirely。 About half of U.S。 jobs are at high risk of being automated， according to a University of Oxford study， with the middle class disproportionately squeezed。 Lower-income jobs like gardening or day care don’t appeal to robots。 But many middle-class occupations-trucking， financial advice，software engineering — have aroused their interest，or soon will。The rich own the robots， so they will be fine。
This isn‘t to be alarmist。 Optimists point out that technological upheaval has benefited workers in the past。 The Industrial Revolution didn’t go so well for Luddites whose jobs were displaced by mechanized looms， but it eventually raised living standards and created more jobs than it destroyed。 Likewise， automation should eventually boost productivity， stimulate demand by driving down prices， and free workers from hard， boring work。 But in the medium term， middle-class workers may need a lot of help adjusting。
The first step， as Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee argue in The Second Machine Age，should be rethinking education and job training。Curriculums —from grammar school to college- should evolve to focus less on memorizing facts and more on creativity and complex communication。Vocational schools should do a better job of fostering problem-solving skills and helping students work alongside robots。 Online education can supplement the traditional kind。 It could make extra training and instruction affordable。 Professionals trying to acquire new skills will be able to do so without going into debt。
The challenge of coping with automation underlines the need for the U.S。 to revive its fading business dynamism: Starting new companies must be made easier。 In previous eras of drastic technological change， entrepreneurs smoothed the transition by dreaming up ways to combine labor and machines。 The best uses of 3D
 
 
printers and virtual reality haven‘t been invented yet。 The U.S。 needs the new companies that will invent them。
Finally， because automation threatens to widen the gap between capital income and labor income， taxes and the safety net will have to be rethought。 Taxes on low-wage labor need to be cut， and wage subsidies such as the earned income tax credit should be expanded: This would boost incomes， encourage work， reward companies for job creation， and reduce inequality。
Technology will improve society in ways big and small over the next few years， yet this will be little comfort to those who find their lives and careers upended by automation。 Destroying the machines that are coming for our jobs would be nuts。 But policies to help workers adapt will be indispensable。
21.Who will be most threatened by automation?  Leading politicians。
Low-wage laborers。
Robot owners。
Middle-class workers。
22 。Which of the following best represent the author’s view?
 Worries about automation are in fact groundless。
Optimists‘ opinions on new tech find little support。
Issues arising from automation need to be tackled
Negative consequences of new tech can be avoided
23.Education in the age of automation should put more emphasis on
 creative potential。
job-hunting skills。
individual needs。
cooperative spirit。
24.The author suggests that tax policies be aimed at
 encouraging the development of automation。
increasing the return on capital investment。
easing the hostility between rich and poor。
preventing the income gap from widening。
25.In this text， the author presents a problem with
 opposing views on it。
possible solutions to it。
its alarming impacts。
its major variations。
 2
A new survey by Harvard University finds more than two-thirds of young Americans disapprove of President Trump’s use of Twitter。 The implication is that
 
 
Millennials prefer news from the White House to be filtered through other source， Not a president’s social media platform。
Most Americans rely on social media to check daily headlines。 Yet as distrust has risen toward all media， people may be starting to beef up their media literacy skills。 Such a trend is badly needed。 During the 2016 presidential campaign， nearly a quarter of web content shared by Twitter users in the politically critical state of Michigan was fake news， according to the University of Oxford。 And a survey conducted for BuzzFeed News found 44 percent of Facebook users rarely or never trust news from the media giant。
Young people who are digital natives are indeed becoming more skillful at separating fact from fiction in cyberspace。 A Knight Foundation focus-group survey of young people between ages 14and24 found they use “distributed trust” to verify stories。 They cross-check sources and prefer news from different perspectives—especially those that are open about any bias。 “Many young people assume a great deal of personal responsibility for educating themselves and actively seeking out opposing viewpoints，” the survey concluded。
Such active research can have another effect。 A 2014 survey conducted in Australia， Britain， and the United States by the University of Wisconsin-Madison found that young people’s reliance on social media led to greater political engagement。
Social media allows users to experience news events more intimately and immediately while also permitting them to re-share news as a projection of their values and interests。 This forces users to be more conscious of their role in passing along information。 A survey by Barna research group found the top reason given by Americans for the fake news phenomenon is “reader error，” more so than made-up stories or factual mistakes in reporting。 About a third say the problem of fake news lies in “misinterpretation or exaggeration of actual news” via social media。 In other words， the choice to share news on social media may be the heart of the issue。 “This indicates there is a real personal responsibility in counteracting this problem，” says Roxanne Stone， editor in chief at Barna Group。
So when young people are critical of an over-tweeting president， they reveal a mental discipline in thinking skills – and in their choices on when to share on social media。
26。 According to the Paragraphs 1 and 2， many young Americans cast doubts on
 the justification of the news-filtering practice。
 people’s preference for social media platforms。
 the administrations ability to handle information。
 social media was a reliable source of news。
27。 The phrase “beer up”(Line 2， Para。 2) is closest in meaning to  sharpen
 define
 boast
 
 
 share
28。 According to the knight foundation survey， young people
 tend to voice their opinions in cyberspace。
 verify news by referring to diverse resources。
 have s strong sense of responsibility。
 like to exchange views on “distributed trust”
29。 The Barna survey found that a main cause for the fake news problem is  readers outdated values。
 journalists’ biased reporting
 readers’ misinterpretation
 journalists’ made-up stories。
30。 Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
 A Rise in Critical Skills for Sharing News Online
 A Counteraction Against the Over-tweeting Trend
 The Accumulation of Mutual Trust on Social Media。
 The Platforms for Projection of Personal Interests。
 3
Any fair-minded assessment of the dangers of the deal between Britain‘s
National Health Service (NHS) and DeepMind must start by acknowledging that both sides mean well。 DeepMind is one of the leading artificial intelligence (AI) companies in the world。The potential of this work applied to healthcare is very great， but it could also lead to further concentration of power in the tech giants。It Is against that background that the information commissioner， Elizabeth Denham， has issued her damning verdict against the Royal Free hospital trust under the NHS， which handed over to DeepMind the records of 1.6 million patients In 2015 on the basis of a vague agreement which took far too little account of the patients’ rights and their expectations of privacy。
DeepMind has almost apologized。 The NHS trust has mended its ways。 Further arrangements- and there may be many-between the NHS and DeepMind will
be carefully scrutinised to ensure that all necessary permissions have been asked of patients and all unnecessary data has been cleaned。There are lessons about informed patient consent to learn。 But privacy is not the only angle in this case and not even
the most important。 Ms Denham chose to concentrate the blame on the NHS trust， since under existing law it “controlled” the data and DeepMind merely “processed“ it。 But this distinction misses the point that it is processing and aggregation， not the
mere possession of bits， that gives the data value。
The great question is who should benefit from the analysis of all the data that our lives now generate。 Privacy law builds on the concept of damage to an individual from identifiable knowledge about them。 That misses the way the surveillance economy works。 The data of an individual there gains its value only when it is compared with the data of countless millions more。
 
 
The use of privacy law to curb the tech giants in this instance feels slightly maladapted。 This practice does not address the real worry。 It is not enough to say that the algorithms DeepMind develops will benefit patients and save lives。 What matters is that they will belong to a private monopoly which developed them using public resources。 If software promises to save lives on the scale that dugs now can， big data may be expected to behave as a big pharm has done。 We are still at the beginning of this revolution and small choices now may turn out to have gigantic consequences later。 A long struggle will be needed to avoid a future of digital feudalism。 Ms Denham‘s report is a welcome start。
31.Wha is true of the agreement between the NHS and DeepMind ?  It caused conflicts among tech giants。
 It failed to pay due attention to patient’s rights。
 It fell short of the latter‘s expectations
 It put both sides into a dangerous situation。
32。 The NHS trust responded to Denham‘s verdict with
 empty promises。
 tough resistance。
 necessary adjustments。
 sincere apologies。
33.The author argues in Paragraph 2 that
 privacy protection must be secured at all costs。
 leaking patients‘ data is worse than selling it。
 making profits from patients‘ data is illegal。
 the value of data comes from the processing of it
34.According to the last paragraph， the real worry arising from this deal is  the vicious rivalry among big pharmas。
 the ineffective enforcement of privacy law。
 the uncontrolled use of new software。
 the monopoly of big data by tech giants。
35.The author‘s attitude toward the application of AI to healthcare is
 ambiguous。
 cautious。
 appreciative。
 contemptuous。
 4
The U.S。 Postal Service (USPS) continues to bleed red ink。 It reported a net loss of $5.6 billion for fiscal 2016， the 10th straight year its expenses have exceeded revenue。 Meanwhile， it has more than $120 billion in unfunded liabilities， mostly for employee health and retirement costs。 There are many bankruptcies。 Fundamentally， the USPS is in a historic squeeze between technological change that
 
 
has permanently decreased demand for its bread-and-butter product， first-class mail， and a regulatory structure that denies management the flexibility to adjust its
operations to the new reality
And interest groups ranging from postal unions to greeting-card makers exert self-interested pressure on the USPS’s ultimate overseer-Congress-insisting that whatever else happens to the Postal Service，aspects of the status quo they depend on get protected。 This is why repeated attempts at reform legislation have failed in recent years， leaving the Postal Service unable to pay its bills except by deferring vital modernization。
Now comes word that everyone involved---Democrats， Republicans， the Postal Service， the unions and the system‘s heaviest users—has finally agreed on a plan to fix the system。 Legislation is moving through the House that would save USPS an estimated $28.6 billion over five years， which could help pay for new vehicles， among other survival measures。 Most of the money would come from a penny-per-letter permanent rate increase and from shifting postal retirees into Medicare。 The latter step would largely offset the financial burden of annually pre-funding retiree health care， thus addressing a long-standing complaint by the USPS and its union。
If it clears the House， this measure would still have to get through the Senate – where someone is bound to point out that it amounts to the bare， bare minimum necessary to keep the Postal Service afloat， not comprehensive reform。 There’s no change to collective bargaining at the USPS， a major omission considering that personnel accounts for 80 percent of the agency’s costs。 Also missing is any discussion of eliminating Saturday letter delivery。 That common-sense change enjoys wide public support and would save the USPS $2 billion per year。 But postal special-interest groups seem to have killed it， at least in the House。 The emerging consensus around the bill is a sign that legislators are getting frightened about a politically embarrassing short-term collapse at the USPS。It is not，however，a sign that they’re getting serious about transforming the postal system for the 21st century。
36.The financial problem with the USPS is caused partly by 
。 its unbalanced budget。
。its rigid management。
。the cost for technical upgrading。
。 the withdrawal of bank support。
37。 According to Paragraph 2， the USPS fails to modernize itself due to 。 the interference from interest groups。
 。the inadequate funding from Congress。
 。the shrinking demand for postal service。
 。the incompetence of postal unions。
38.The long-standing complaint by the USPS and its unions can be addressed by  。removing its burden of retiree health care。
 。making more investment in new vehicles
 。
 。adopting a new rate-increase mechanism。
 。attracting more first-class mail users。

39.In the last paragraph， the author seems to view legislators with  
 respect。
 tolerance。
 discontent。
 gratitude。

40.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
 。The USPS Starts to Miss Its Good Old Days
 。The Postal Service: Keep Away from My Cheese
 。The USPS: Chronic Illness Requires a Quick Cure
 。The Postal Service Needs More than a Band-Aid

#2017
Could a hug a day keep the doctor away? The answer may be a resounding “yes!” 1 helping you feel close and 2 to people you care about, it turns out that hugs can bring a 3 of health benefits to
your body and mind. Believe it or not, a warm embrace might even help you 4 getting sick this winter.
In a recent study 5 over 400 health adults, researchers from Carnegie Mellon University in Pennsylvania examined the effects of perceived social support and the receipt of hugs 6 the participants’ susceptibility to developing the common cold after being 7 to the virus. People who perceived greater social support were less likely to come 8 with a cold, and the researchers 9 that the stress-reducing effects of hugging 10 about 32 percent of that beneficial effect. 11 among those who got a cold, the ones who felt greater social support and received more frequent hugs had less severe 12 .
“Hugging protects people who are under stress from the 13 risk for colds that’s usually 14 with stress,” notes Sheldon Cohen, a professor of psychology at Carnegie. Hugging “is a marker of intimacy and helps 15 the feeling that others are there to help 16 difficulty.”
Some experts 17 the stress-reducing , health-related benefits of hugging to the release of oxytocin, often called “the bonding hormone” 18 it promotes attachment in relationships, including that between mother and their newborn babies. Oxytocin is made primarily in the central lower part of the brain, and some of it is released into the bloodstream. But some of it 19 in the brain, where it 20 mood, behavior and physiology.
1. Unlike  Besides  Throughout  Despite 2. equal  restricted  connected  inferior
3. host  view  lesson  choice
4. recall 5. collecting 6. on
7. devoted 8. across 9. imagined
 forget  affecting
 in
 exposed
 along  denied
 avoid  guiding
 at  lost
 down  doubted
 keep
 involving  of
 attracted  out
 calculated

 
  10. served 11. Thus
12. defeats 13. highlighted 14. associated 15. assess 16. in the face of 17. attribute
 explained  Still
 symptoms  minimized
 equipped  moderate
 in the form of  commit
 restored  Rather  errors
 controlled
 presented  generate
 in the way of  transfer
 required  Even
 tests
 increased
 compared
 record
 in the name of
 return
 18. unless
19. emerges
20. experiences
Section II Reading Comprehension
 though  remains
 justifies
 until
 decreases
influences

Directions:
 because  vanishes  combines

 1
First two hours , now three hours—this is how far in advance authorities are recommending people show up to catch a domestic flight , at least at some major U.S. airports with increasingly massive security lines.
Americans are willing to tolerate time-consuming security procedures in return for increased safety. The crash of Egypt Air Flight 804, which terrorists may have downed over the Mediterranean Sea, provides another tragic reminder of why. But demanding too much of air travelers or providing too little security in return undermines public support for the process. And it should: Wasted time is a drag on Americans’ economic and private lives, not to mention infuriating.
Last year, the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) found in a secret check that
 undercover investigators were able to sneak weapons—both fake and real—past airport security nearly every time they tried. Enhanced security measures since then, combined with a rise in airline travel due to the improving
economy and low oil prices, have resulted in long waits at major airports such as Chicago’s O’Hare International. It is not yet clear how much more effective airline security has become—but the lines are obvious.
Part of the issue is that the government did not anticipate the steep increase in airline travel, so the TSA is now rushing to get new screeners on the line. Part of the issue is that airports have only so

 
  much room for screening lanes. Another factor may be that more people are trying to overpack their carry-on bags to avoid checked-baggage fees, though the airlines strongly dispute this.
There is one step the TSA could take that would not require remodeling airports or rushing to hire: Enroll more people in the PreCheck program. PreCheck is supposed to be a win-win for travelers and the TSA. Passengers who pass a background check are eligible to use expedited screening lanes. This allows the TSA to focus on travellers who are higher risk, saving time for everyone involved. The TSA wants to enroll 25 million people in PreCheck.
It has not gotten anywhere close to that, and one big reason is sticker shock. Passengers must pay $85 every five years to process their background checks. Since the beginning, this price tag has been PreCheck’s fatal flaw. Upcoming reforms might bring the price to a more reasonable level. But
 Congress should look into doing so directly, by helping to finance PreCheck enrollment or to cut costs in other ways.
The TSA cannot continue diverting resources into underused PreCheck lanes while most of the traveling public suffers in unnecessary lines. It is long past time to make the program work.
21. The crash of Egypt Air Flight 804 is mentioned to
 stress the urgency to strengthen security worldwide.
 explain Americans’ tolerance of current security checks.
 highlight the necessity of upgrading major US airports.
 emphasis the importance of privacy protection.
22. Which of the following contributions to long waits at major airport?  New restrictions on carry-on bags.
 The declining efficiency of the TSA.
 An increase in the number of travelers.
 Frequent unexpected secret checks.
23.The word “expedited” (Line 4, Para.5) is closest in meaning to
 quieter.
 faster.
  wider.
 cheaper.
24. One problem with the PreCheck program is  A dramatic reduction of its scale.
 Its wrongly-directed implementation.
 The government’s reluctance to back it.
 An unreasonable price for enrollment.

 
  25. Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
 Getting Stuck in Security Lines  PreCheck—a Belated Solution  Less Screening for More Safety  Underused PreCheck Lanes  2
“The ancient Hawaiians were astronomers,” wrote Queen Liliuokalani, Hawaii’s last reigning monarch, in 1897. Star watchers were among the most esteemed members of Hawaiian society. Sadly, all is not well with astronomy in Hawaii today. Protests have erupted over construction of the
 Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT), a giant observatory that promises to revolutionize humanity’s view of the cosmos.
At issue is the TMT’s planned location on Mauna Kea, a dormant volcano worshiped by some Hawaiians as the piko, that connects the Hawaiian Islands to the heavens. But Mauna Kea is also home to some of the world’s most powerful telescopes. Rested in the Pacific Ocean, Mauna Kea’s peak rises above the bulk of our planet’s dense atmosphere, where conditions allow telescopes to obtain images of unsurpassed clarity.
Opposition to telescopes on Mauna Kea is nothing new. A small but vocal group of Hawaiians and environments have long viewed their presence as disrespect for sacred land and a painful reminder of the occupation of what was once a sovereign nation.
Some blame for the current controversy belongs to astronomers. In their eagerness to build bigger telescopes, they forgot that science is not the only way of understanding the world. They did not always prioritize the protection of Mauna Kea’s fragile ecosystems or its holiness to the island’s inhabitants. Hawaiian culture is not a relic of the past; it is a living culture undergoing a renaissance today.
Yet science has a cultural history, too, with roots going back to the dawn of civilization. The same curiosity to find what lies beyond the horizon that first brought early Polynesians to Hawaii’s shores inspires astronomers today to explore the heavens. Calls to disassemble all telescopes on Mauna Kea or to ban future development there ignore the reality that astronomy and Hawaiian culture both seek to answer big questions about who we are, where we come from and where we are
 going. Perhaps that is why we explore the starry skies, as if answering a primal calling to know ourselves and our true ancestral homes.
The astronomy community is making compromises to change its use of Mauna Kea. The TMT site was chosen to minimize the telescope’s visibility around the island and to avoid archaeological and environmental impact. To limit the number of telescopes on Mauna Kea, old ones will be removed at the end of their lifetimes and their sites returned to a natural state. There is no reason why everyone cannot be welcomed on Mauna Kea to embrace their cultural heritage and to study the stars.

 
  26. Queen Liliuokalani’s remark in Paragraph 1 indicates
 its conservative view on the historical role of astronomy.  the importance of astronomy in ancient Hawaiian society.  the regrettable decline of astronomy in ancient times.
 her appreciation of star watchers’ feats in her time.
27. Mauna Kea is deemed as an ideal astronomical site due to
 its geographical features  its protective surroundings.
  its religious implications.
 its existing infrastructure.
28. The construction of the TMT is opposed by some locals partly because
 it may risk ruining their intellectual life.
 it reminds them of a humiliating history.
 their culture will lose a chance of revival.
 they fear losing control of Mauna Kea.
29. It can be inferred from Paragraph 5 that progress in today’s astronomy
 is fulfilling the dreams of ancient Hawaiians.
 helps spread Hawaiian culture across the world.
 may uncover the origin of Hawaiian culture.
 will eventually soften Hawaiians’ hostility.
30. The author’s attitude toward choosing Mauna Kea as the TMT site is one of  severe criticism.
 passive acceptance.
 slight hesitancy.
 full approval.
   3
Robert F. Kennedy once said that a country’s GDP measures “everything except that which makes life worthwhile.” With Britain voting to leave the European Union, and GDP already predicted to slow as a result, it is now a timely moment to assess what he was referring to.
The question of GDP and its usefulness has annoyed policymakers for over half a century. Many argue that it is a flawed concept. It measures things that do not matter and misses things that do. By most recent measures, the UK’s GDP has been the envy of the Western world, with record

 
  low unemployment and high growth figures. If everything was going so well, then why did over 17 million people vote for Brexit, despite the warnings about what it could do to their country’s economic prospects?
A recent annual study of countries and their ability to convert growth into well-being sheds some light on that question. Across the 163 countries measured, the UK is one of the poorest performers in ensuring that economic growth is translated into meaningful improvements for its citizens. Rather than just focusing on GDP, over 40 different sets of criteria from health, education and civil society engagement have been measured to get a more rounded assessment of how countries are performing.
While all of these countries face their own challenges, there are a number of consistent themes .
 Yes , there has been a budding economic recovery since the 2008 global crash , but in key indicators in areas such as health and education , major economies have continued to decline. Yet this isn’t the case with all countries. Some relatively poor European countries have seen huge improvements across measures including civil society, income equality and the environment.
This is a lesson that rich countries can learn: When GDP is no longer regarded as the sole measure of a country’s success, the world looks very different.
So, what Kennedy was referring to was that while GDP has been the most common method for measuring the economic activity of nations, as a measure, it is no longer enough. It does not include important factors such as environmental quality or education outcomes – all things that contribute to a person’s sense of well-being.
The sharp hit to growth predicted around the world and in the UK could lead to a decline in the everyday services we depend on for our well-being and for growth. But policymakers who refocus efforts on improving well-being rather than simply worrying about GDP figures could avoid the forecasted doom and may even see progress.
31.Robert F. Kennedy is cited because he
praised the UK for its GDP. identified GDP with happiness . misinterpreted the role of GDP .
had a low opinion of GDP .
  32.It can be inferred from Paragraph 2 that
the UK is reluctant to remold its economic pattern.
GDP as the measure of success is widely defied in the UK. the UK will contribute less to the world economy. policymakers in the UK are paying less attention to GDP. 33.Which of the following is true about the recent annual study ? It is sponsored by 163 countries .

 
  It excludes GDP as an indicator.
Its criteria are questionable .
Its results are enlightening .
34.In the last two paragraphs, the author suggests that the UK is preparing for an economic boom.
high GDP foreshadows an economic decline. it is essential to consider factors beyond GDP. it requires caution to handle economic issues.
 35.Which of the following is the best title for the text ?
High GDP But Inadequate Well-being, a UK Lesson GDP Figures , a Window on Global Economic Health Rebort F. Kennedy , a Terminator of GDP
Brexit, the UK’s Gateway to Well-being
 4
In a rare unanimous ruling, the US Supreme Court has overturned the corruption conviction of a former Virginia governor, Robert McDonnell. But it did so while holding its nose at the ethics of his conduct, which included accepting gifts such as a Rolex watch and a Ferrari automobile from a company seeking access to government.
The high court’s decision said the judge in Mr. McDonnell’s trial failed to tell a jury that it must look only at his “official acts,” or the former governor’s decisions on “specific” and “unsettled” issues related to his duties.
Merely helping a gift-giver gain access to other officials, unless done with clear intent to pressure those officials, is not corruption, the justices found.
The court did suggest that accepting favors in return for opening doors is “distasteful” and “nasty.” But under anti-bribery laws, proof must be made of concrete benefits, such as approval of a contract or regulation. Simply arranging a meeting, making a phone call, or hosting an event is not an
“official act”.
  The court’s ruling is legally sound in defining a kind of favoritism that is not criminal. Elected leaders must be allowed to help supporters deal with bureaucratic problems without fear of prosecution for bribery.” The basic compact underlying representative government,” wrote Chief Justice John Roberts for the court,” assumes that public officials will hear from their constituents and act on their concerns.”
But the ruling reinforces the need for citizens and their elected representatives, not the courts, to ensure equality of access to government. Officials must not be allowed to play favorites in providing information or in arranging meetings simply because an individual or group provides a campaign

 
  donation or a personal gift. This type of integrity requires well-enforced laws in government transparency, such as records of official meetings, rules on lobbying, and information about each elected leader’s source of wealth.
Favoritism in official access can fan public perceptions of corruption. But it is not always corruption. Rather officials must avoid double standards, or different types of access for average people and the wealthy. If connections can be bought, a basic premise of democratic society—that all are equal in treatment by government—is undermined. Good governance rests on an understanding of the inherent worth of each individual.
The court’s ruling is a step forward in the struggle against both corruption and official
favoritism.
  36. The underlined sentence (Para.1) most probably shows that the court
 avoided defining the extent of McDonnell’s duties.  made no compromise in convicting McDonnell.  was contemptuous of McDonnell’s conduct.
 refused to comment on McDonnell’s ethics.
37. According to Paragraph 4, an official act is deemed corruptive only if it involves
 leaking secrets intentionally.
 sizable gains in the form of gifts.
 concrete returns for gift-givers.
 breaking contracts officially.
38. The court’s ruling is based on the assumption that public officials are  justified in addressing the needs of their constituents.
 qualified to deal independently with bureaucratic issues.
 allowed to focus on the concerns of their supporters.
 exempt from conviction on the charge of favoritism.
39. Well-enforced laws in government transparency are needed to
  awaken the conscience of officials.  guarantee fair play in official access.  allow for certain kinds of lobbying.  inspire hopes in average people.
40. The author’s attitude toward the court’s ruling is
 sarcastic.  tolerant.

 
 skeptical.  supportive

#2016
In Cambodia the choice of a spouse is a complex one for the young male. It may involve not only his parents and his friends,1those of the young women, but also a matchmaker. A young man can 2 a likely spouse on his own and them ask his parents to 3 the marriage negotiations. or the young man’s parents may make the choice of a spouse, giving the child little to say in the selection. 4 , a girl may veto the spouse her parents have chosen. 5 a spouse has been selected, each family investigates the other to make sure its child is marrying 6 a good family.
The traditional wedding is a long and colorful affair. Formerly it lasted three days 7 by the 1980s it more commonly lasted a day and a half. Buddhist priests offer a short sermon and 8 prayers of blessing. Parts of the ceremony involve ritual hair cutting, 9 cotton threads soaked in holy water around the bride’s and groom’s wrists ,and 10 a candle around a circle of happily married and respected couples to bless the 11 .Newlyweds traditionally move in with the wife’s parents and may 12 with them up to a year, 13 they can build a flew house nearby.
Divorce is legal and easy to 14 ,but not common .Divorced persons are 15 with some disapproval. Each spouse retains 16 property he or she 17 into the marriage, and jointly –acquired property is 18 equally. Divorced persons may remarry, but a gender prejudice 19 up .The divorced male doesn’t have a waiting period before he can remarry 20 the woman must wait the months.
 
Section I Use of English Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
                    
1.  by way of 2.  adapt to 3.  close
4.  In theory 5.  Although 6.  into
7.  sine
 as well as  provide for
 renew  Above all
 Lest  within  or
 on behalf of compete with
arrange  In time
 After  from
 but
 with regard to  decide on
 postpone  For example
 Unless  through
 so
8.  test
9.  folding 10.  lighting
11.  meeting 12.  grow 13.  whereas 14.  obtain
copy  piling
 passing  association
 part  until  follow
recite  wrapping
 hiding  collection  deal
 for
 challenge
 create  tying
 serving union
live  if
[ D]avoid

  
  15.  isolated 16. wherever 17.  changed 18.  divided 19. clears 20. while
 persuaded  however
 brought  invested
 warms  so what
 viewed  exposed  whenever whatever
Section II Reading Comprehension
 shaped  donated
 shows once
 pushed  withdrawn
 breaks  in that
 
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your
answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
 1
France, which prides itself as the global innovator of fashion, has decided its fashion industry has lost an absolute right to define physical beauty for woman. Its lawmakers gave preliminary approval last week to a law that would make it a crime to employ ultra-thin models on runways. The parliament also agreed to ban websites that” incite excessive thinness” by promoting extreme dieting.
Such measures have a couple of uplifting motives. They suggest beauty should not be defined by looks that end up with impinging on health. That’s a start. And the ban on ultra-thin models seems to go beyond protecting models from starring themselves to health –as some have done. It tells the fashion industry that it move take responsibility for the signal it sends women, especially teenage girls, about the social tape –measure they must use to determine their individual worth.
The bans, if fully enforced ,would suggest to woman (and many men )that they should not let others be
 orbiters of their beauty .And perhaps faintly, they hint that people should look to intangible qualities like character and intellect rather than dieting their way to sine zero or wasp-waist physiques .
The French measures, however, rely too much on severe punishment to change a culture that still regards beauty as skin-deep-and bone-showing. Under the law, using a fashion model that does not meet a government-defined index of body mess could result in a $85,000 fine and six months in prison.

  
  The fashion industry knows it has an inherent problem in focusing on material adornment and idealized body types. In Denmark, the United States, and a few other countries, it is trying to set voluntary standard for models and fashion images there rely more on pear pressure for enforcement. In contrast to France’s actions, Denmark’s fashion industry agreed last month on rules and sanctions regarding age, health, and other characteristics of
models .The newly revised Danish Fashion Ethical charter clearly states, we are aware of and take responsibility for the impact the fashion industry has on body ideals, especially on young people. The charter’s main toll of enforcement is to deny access for designers and modeling agencies to Copenhagen. Fashion week, which is men by the Danish Fashion Institute .But in general it relies on a name-and –shame method of compliance. Relying
 on ethical persuasion rather than law to address the misuse of body ideals may be the best step. Even better would be to help elevate notions of beauty beyond the material standards of a particular industry.
21. According to the first paragraph, what would happen in France?  Physical beauty would be redefined
 New runways would be constructed
 Websites about dieting would thrive
 The fashion industry would decline
22. The phrase “impinging on”(Line2 Para2) is closest in meaning to  heightening the value of
 indicating the state of
 losing faith in
 doing harm to
23. Which of the following is true of the fashion industry
 The French measures have already failed
 New standards are being set in Denmark
 Models are no longer under peer pressure
  Its inherent problems are getting worse
24. A designer is most likely to be rejected by CFW for  setting perfect physical conditions
 caring too much about models’ character
 showing little concern for health factors
 pursuing a high age threshold for models

  
  25. Which of the following maybe the best title of the text?  A challenge to the Fashion Industry’s Body Ideals
 A Dilemma for the starving models in France
 Just Another Round of struggle for beauty
 The Great Threats to the Fashion Industry
 2
For the first time in the history more people live in towns than in the country. In Britain this has had a curious
 result. While polls show Britons rate “the countryside” alongside the royal family. Shakespeare and the National Health Service (NHS) as what make them proudest of their country, this has limited political support. A century ago Octavia Hill launched the National Trust not to rescue stylish houses but to save “the beauty of natural places for everyone forever”. It was specifically to provide city dwellers with spaces for leisure where they could experience “a refreshing air”. Hill’s pressure later led to the creation of national parks and green belts. They don’t make countryside any more, and every year concrete consumes more of it .It needs constant guardianship.
At the next election none of the big parties seem likely to endorse this sentiment. The Conservatives’ planning reform explicitly gives rural development priority over conservation,
even authorizing “off–plan” building where local people might object. The concept of sustainable development has been defined as profitable. Labour likewise wants to discontinue local planning where councils oppose development. The Liberal Democrats are silent only u sensing its chance, has sides with those pleading for a more considered approach to using green land. Its campaign to protect Rural England struck terror into many local conservative parties.
The sensible place to build new houses factories and offices is where people are in cities and towns where infrastructure is in place. The London agents Stirling Ackroyed recently identified enough sites for half of million houses in the Landon area alone with no intrusion on green belts. What is true of London is even truer of the
 provinces. The idea that “housing crisis” equals “concreted meadows” is pure lobby talk. The issue is not the need for more houses but, as always, where to put them under lobby pressure, George Osborne favours rural new-build against urban renovation and renewal. He favours out-of-town shopping sites against high streets. This is not a free market but a biased one. Rural towns and villages have grown and will always grow. They do so best where building sticks to their edges and respects their character. We do not ruin urban conservation areas. Why ruin rural ones?

  
  Development should be planned, not let trip, After the Netherlands, Britain is Europe’s most crowed country. Half a century of town and country planning has enable it to retain an enviable rural coherence, while still permitting low-density urban living. There is no doubt of the alternative-the corrupted landscapes of southern Portugal, Spain or Ireland. Avoiding this rather than promoting it should unite the left and right of the political spectrum.
26. Britain’s public sentiment about the countryside  is not well reflected in politics
 is fully backed by the royal family
  didn’t start fill the Shakespearean age
 has brought much benefit to the NHS
27. According to paragraph 2，the achievements of the National Trust are now being
 largely overshadowed  properly protected  effectively reinforced  gradually destroyed
28. Which of the following can be offered from paragraph 3  Labour is under attack for opposing development
 The Conservatives may abandon “off-plan” building  Ukip may gain from its support for rural conservation  The Liberal Democrats are losing political influence
29. The author holds that George Osbornes’s preference  shows his disregard for the character of rural area  stresses the necessity of easing the housing crisis  highlights his firm stand against lobby pressure
  reveals a strong prejudice against urban areas
30. In the last paragraph the author show his appreciation of
 the size of population in Britain
 the enviable urban lifestyle in Britain  the town-and-country planning in Britain  the political life in today’s Britain

  
   3
“There is one and only one social responsibility of business” wrote Milton Friedman, a Nobel Prize-winning economist “That is, to use its resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits.” But even if you accept Friedman’s premise and regard corporate social responsibility(CSR) policies as a waste of shareholders’s money, things may not be absolutely clear-act. New research suggests that CSR may create monetary value for companies at least when they are prosecuted for corruption.
The largest firms in America and Britain together spend more than $15 billion a year on CSR, according to an
 estimate by EPG, a consulting firm. This could add value to their businesses in three ways. First, consumers may take CSR spending as a “signal” that a company’s products are of high quality. Second, customers may be willing to buy a company’s products as an indirect may to donate to the good causes it helps. And third, through a more diffuse “halo effect” whereby its good deeds earn it greater consideration from consumers and others.
Previous studies on CSR have had trouble differentiating these effects because consumers can be affected by all three. A recent study attempts to separate them by looking at bribery prosecutions under American’s Foreign Corrupt Practices Act(FCPA).It argues that since prosecutors do not consume a company’s products as part of their investigations，they could be influenced only by the halo effect. The study found that，among prosecuted firms，those with the most comprehensive CSR programmes tended to get more lenient penalties. Their analysis ruled out the possibility that it was firm’s political influence, rather than their CSR stand, that accounted for the leniency: Companies that contributed more to political campaigns did not receive lower fines.
In all, the study concludes that whereas prosecutors should only evaluate a case based on its merits, they do seem to be influenced by a company’s record in CSR. “We estimate that either eliminating a substantial labour-rights concern, such as child labour, or increasing corporate giving by about20% result in fines that generally are 40% lower than the typical punishment for bribing foreign officials.” says one researcher.
Researchers admit that their study does not answer the question at how much businesses ought to spend on
 CSR. Nor does it reveal how much companies are banking on the halo effect, rather than the other possible benefits, when they companies get into trouble with the law, evidence of good character can win them a less costly punishment.
31. The author views Milton Friedman’s statement about CSR with uncertainty

  
  skepticism approval tolerance
32. According to Paragraph 2, CSR helps a company by guarding it against malpractices
protecting it from consumers
winning trust from consumers.
raising the quality of its products
 33. The expression “more lenient”(line 2,Para.4)is closest in meaning to less controversial
more lasting
more effective
less severe
34. When prosecutors evaluate a case, a company’s CSR record
comes across as reliable evidence has an impact on their decision increases the chance of being penalized constitutes part of the investigation
35. Which of the following is true of CSR according to the last paragraph?  The necessary amount of companies spending on it is unknown
 Companies’ financial capacity for it has been overestimated
 Its negative effects on businesses are often overlooked
It has brought much benefit to the banking industry
  4
There will eventually come a day when The New York Times ceases to publish stories on newsprint. Exactly when that day will be is a matter of debate. ”Sometime in the future,” the paper’s publisher said back in 2010.
Nostalgia for ink on paper and the rustle of pages aside, there’s plenty of incentive to ditch print. The infrastructure required to make a physical newspaper – printing presses, delivery trucks – isn’t just expensive; it’s

  
  excessive at a time when online – only competitors don’t have the same set of financial constraints. Readers are migrating away from print anyway. And though print ad sales still dwarf their online and mobile counterparts, revenue from print is still declining.
Overhead may be high and circulation lower, but rushing to eliminate its print edition would be a mistake, says BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti.
Peretti says the Times shouldn’t waste time getting out of the print business, but only if they go about doing it the right way. “Figuring out a way to accelerate that transition would make sense for them,” he said, “but if you discontinue it, you’re going have your most loyal customers really upset with you.” Sometimes that’s worth
 making a change anyway. Peretti gives the example of Netflix discontinuing its DVD-mailing service to focus on streaming. “It was seen as blunder,” he said. The move turned out to be foresighted. And if Peretti were in charge at the Times? ”I wouldn’t pick a year to end print,” he said “I would raise prices and make it into more of a legacy product.” The most loyal customers would still get the product they favor, the idea goes, and they’d feel like they were helping sustain the quality of something they believe in. “So if you’re overpaying for print, you could feel like you were helping,” Peretti said. “Then increase it at a higher rate each year and essentially try to generate additional revenue.”
In other words, if you’re going to make a print product, make it for the people who are already obsessed with it. Which may be what the Times is doing already. Getting the print edition seven days a week costs nearly $500 a year – more than twice as much as a digital – only subscription. “It’s a really hard thing to do and it’s a tremendous luxury that BuzzFeed doesn’t have a legacy business,” Peretti remarked. “But we’re going to have questions like that where we have things we’re doing that don’t make sense when the market changes and the world changes. In those situations, it’s better to be more aggressive that less aggressive.”
36. The New York Times is considering ending it’s print edition partly due to  the increasing online and sales
 the pressure from its investors
  the complaints from its readers
 the high cost of operation
37. Peretti suggests that in face of the present situation, The Times should
 make strategic adjustments  end the print sedition for good  seek new sources of leadership

 
 aim for efficient management
38. It can be inferred from paragraphs 5and 6 that a ” legacy product”
 helps restore the glory of former times  is meant for the most loyal customers  will have the cost of printing reduced  expands the popularity of the paper
39. Peretti believes that in a changing world  traditional luxuries can stay unaffected
 cautiousness facilitates problem-solving  aggressiveness better meets challenges  legacy businesses are becoming out dated
40. which of the following would be the best title of the text?  shift to online newspapers all at once
 Cherish the Newspapers still in Your Hand
 keep Your Newspapers Forever in Fashion
 Make Your print Newspapers a luxury Good


#2015
We have more genes in common with people we pick to be our friends than with strangers.
Though not biologically related, friends are as "related" as fourth cousins, sharing about 1% of genes. That is 1 a study publishedfrom the University of California and Yale University in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, has 2 .
The study is a genome-wide analysis conducted 3 1932 unique subjects which 4 pairs of unrelated friends and unrelated strangers. The same people were used in both 5.
While 1% may seem 6 , it is not so to a geneticist. As co-author of the study James Fowler, professor of medical genetics at UC San Diego says, "Most people do not even 7their fourth cousins but somehow manage to select as friends the people who 8 our kin."
The team 9 developed a "friendship score" which can predict who will be your friend based on their genes.
The study also found that the genes for smell were something shared in friends but not genes for immunity. Why this similarity in olfactory genes is difficult to explain, for now. 10, as the team suggests, it draws us 11similar environments but there is more to it. There could be many mechanisms working in tandem that 12us in choosing genetically similar friends 13 "functional kinship" of being friends with 14 !
One of the remarkable findings of the study was that the similar genes seem to be evolving 15 than other genes. Studying this could help 16 why human evolution picked pace in the last 30,000 years, with social environment being a major 17 factor.
The findings do not simply corroborate people's 18to befriend those of similar et 19 backgrounds, say the researchers. Though all the subjects were drawn from a population of European extraction, care was taken to 20that all subjects, friends and strangers were taken from the same population. The team also controlled the data to check ancestry of subjects.
1.
 when  why  how  what 2. defended  concluded  withdrawn  advised
                      
  3. for
4. compared 5. tests
6. insignificant 7. visit
8. resemble 9. again
10. Meanwhile 11. about
12. drive
13. according to 14. chances 15. later
16. forecast 17. unpredictable 18. endeavor 19. political 20. see

Directions:
 with  sought
 objects  unexpected
 miss
 influence  also
 Furthermore  to
 observe
 rather than
 responses  slower
 remember  contributory
 decision  religious  show
 on
 separated  samples  unreliable  seek
 favor  instead
 Likewise  from
 confuse
 regardless of
 missions  faster
 understand  controllable
 arrangement  ethnic
 prove
 by
 connected  examples
 incredible  know
 surpass  thus  Perhaps
 like  limit
 along with  benefits
 earlier  express  disruptive
 tendency  economic  tell

 Section IIReading Comprehension
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
1
King Juan Carlos of Spain once insisted “kings don’t abdicate, they die in their sleep.” But embarrassing scandals and the popularity of the republican left in the recent Euro-elections have forced him to eat his words and stand down. So, does the Spanish crisis suggest that monarchy is seeing its last days? Does that mean the writing is on the wall for all European royals, with their magnificent uniforms and majestic lifestyles?
The Spanish case provides arguments both for and against monarchy. When public opinion is particularly polarised, as it was following the end of the Franco regime, monarchs can rise above “mere”politics and “embody” a spirit of national unity.
It is this apparent transcendence of politics that explains monarchs’ continuing popularity as heads of state. And so, the Middle East excepted, Europe is the most monarch-infested region in the world, with 10 kingdoms (not counting Vatican City and Andorra). But unlike their absolutist counterparts in the Gulf and

  
Asia, most royal families have survived because they allow voters to avoid the difficult search for a non-controversial but respected public figure.
Even so, kings and queens undoubtedly have a downside. Symbolic of national unity as they claim to be, their very history—and sometimes the way they behave today——embodies outdated and indefensible privileges and inequalities. At a time when Thomas Piketty and other economists are warning of rising inequality and the increasing power of inherited wealth, it is bizarre that wealthy aristocratic families should still be the symbolic heart of modern democratic states.
The most successful monarchies strive to abandon or hide their old aristocratic ways. Princes and princesses have day-jobs and ride bicycles, not horses (or helicopters). Even so, these are wealthy families who party with the international 1%, and media intrusiveness makes it increasingly difficult to maintain the right image.
While Europe’s monarchies will no doubt be smart enough to survive for some time to come, it is the British royals who have most to fear from the Spanish example.
It is only the Queen who has preserved the monarchy’s reputation with her rather ordinary (if well-heeled) granny style. The danger will come with Charles, who has both an expensive taste of lifestyle and a pretty hierarchical view of the world. He has failed to understand that monarchies have largely survived because they provide a service——as non-controversial and non-political heads of state. Charles ought to know that as English history shows, it is kings, not republicans, who are the monarchy’s worst enemies.
21. According to the first two Paragraphs, King Juan Carlosof Spain________.
 used to enjoy high public support
 was unpopular among European royals
 eased his relationship with his rivals
 ended his reign in embarrassment
22. Monarchs are kept as heads of state in Europe mostly________.
 owing to their undoubted and respectable status
 to achieve a balance between tradition and reality
 to give voters more public figures to look up to
 due to their everlasting political embodiment
23. Which of the following is shown to be odd, according to Paragraph 4?
 Aristocrats’ excessive reliance on inherited wealth.
 The role of the nobility in modern democracies.
 The simple lifestyle of the aristocratic families.
 The nobility’s adherence to their privileges.
24. The British royals “have most to fear” because Charles________.
 takes a rough line on political issues
 fails to change his lifestyle as advised
 takes republicans as his potential allies
 fails to adapt himself to his future role
 
  
25. Which of the following is the best title of the text?
 Carlos, Glory and Disgrace Combined
 Charles, Anxious to Succeed to the Throne  Carlos, a Lesson for All European Monarchs  Charles, Slow to React to the Coming Threats
2
Just how much does the Constitution protect your digital data? The Supreme Court will now consider whether police can search the contents of a mobile phone without a warrant if the phone is on or around a person during an arrest.
California has asked the justices to refrain from a sweeping ruling, particularly one that upsets the old assumption that authorities may search through the possessions of suspects at the time of their arrest. It is hard, the state argues, for judges to assess the implications of new and rapidly changing technologies.
The court would be recklessly modest if it followed California’s advice. Enough of the implications are discernable, even obvious, so that the justices can and should provide updated guidelines to police,lawyers and defendants.
They should start by discarding California’s lame argument that exploring the contents of a smartphone — a vast storehouse of digital information — is similar to, say, going through a suspect’s purse. The court has ruled that police don’t violate the Fourth Amendment when they go through the wallet or pocketbook of an arrestee without a warrant. But exploring one’s smartphone is more like entering his or her home. A smartphone may contain an arrestee’s reading history, financial history, medical history and comprehensive records of recent correspondence. The development of “cloud computing,” meanwhile, has made that exploration so much the easier.
Americans should take steps to protect their digital privacy. But keeping sensitive information on these devices is increasingly a requirement of normal life. Citizens still have a right to expect private documents to remain private and protected by the Constitution’s prohibition on unreasonable searches.
As so often is the case, stating that principle doesn’t ease the challenge of line-drawing. In many cases, it would not be overly burdensome for authorities to obtain a warrant to search through phone contents. They could still invalidate Fourth Amendment protections when facing severe,urgent circumstances, and they could take reasonable measures to ensure that phone data are not erased or altered while waiting for a warrant. The court, though, may want to allow room for police to cite situations where they are entitled to more freedom.
But the justices should not swallow California’s argument whole. New, disruptive technology sometimes demands novel applications of the Constitution’s protections. Orin Kerr, a law professor, compares the explosion and accessibility of digital information in the 21st century with the establishment of automobile use as a virtual necessity of life in the 20th: The justices had to specify novel rules for the new personal domain of the passenger car then; they must sort out how the Fourth Amendment applies to digital information now.
26. The Supreme Court will work out whether, during an arrest, it is legitimate to______.
 
  
 prevent suspects from deleting their phone contents
 search for suspects’ mobile phones without a warrant
 check suspects’ phone contents without being authorized
 prohibit suspects from using their mobile phones
27. The author’s attitude toward California’s argument is one of________.
 disapproval
 indifference
 tolerance
 cautiousness
28. The author believes that exploring one’s phone contents is comparable to________.  getting into one’s residence
 handling one’s historical records
 scanning one’s correspondences
 going through one’s wallet
29. In Paragraph 5 and 6, the author shows his concern that________.
 principles are hard to be clearly expressed
 the court is giving police less room for action
 citizens’ privacy is not effectively protected
 phones are used to store sensitive information
30. Orin Kerr’s comparison is quoted to indicate that________.
 the Constitution should be implemented flexibly
 new technology requires reinterpretation of the Constitution
 California’s argument violates principles of the Constitution
 principles of the Constitution should never be altered
3
The journal Science is adding an extra round of statistical checks to its peer-review process, editor-in-chief Marcia McNutt announced today. The policy follows similar efforts from other journals, after widespread concern that basic mistakes in data analysis are contributing to the irreproducibility of many published research findings.
“Readers must have confidence in the conclusions published in our journal,” writes McNutt in an editorial. Working with the American Statistical Association, the journal has appointed seven experts to a statistic board of reviewing editors (SBoRE). Manuscript will beflagged upfor additional scrutiny by the journal’s internal editors, or by its existing Board of Reviewing Editors or by outside peer reviewers. The SBoRE panel will then find external statisticians to review these manuscripts.
  
  
Asked whether any particular papers had impelled the change, McNutt said: “The creation of the ‘statistics board’ was motivated by concerns broadly with the application of statistics and data analysis in scientific research and is part of Science’s overall drive to increase reproducibility in the research we publish.”
Giovanni Parmigiani, a biostatistician at the Harvard School of Public Health, a member of the SBoRE group, says he expects the board to “play primarily an advisory role.” He agreed to join because he “found the foresight behind the establishment of the SBoRE to be novel, unique and likely to have a lasting impact. This impact will not only be through the publications in Science itself, but hopefully through a larger group of publishing places that may want to model their approach after Science.”
John Ioannidis, a physician who studies research methodology, says that the policy is “a most welcome step forward” and “long overdue.” “Most journals are weak in statistical review, and this damages the quality of what they publish. I think that, for the majority of scientific papers nowadays, statistical review is more essential than expert review,” he says. But he noted that biomedical journals such asAnnals of Internal Medicine, the Journal of the American Medical Association and The Lancet pay strong attention to statistical review.
Professional scientists are expected to know how to analyze data, but statistical errors are alarmingly common in published research, according to David Vaux, a cell biologist. Researchers should improve their standards, he wrote in 2012, but journals should also take a tougher line, “engaging reviewers who are statistically literate and editors who can verify the process.” Vaux says thatScience’s idea to pass some papers to statisticians “has some merit, but a weakness is that it relies on the board of reviewing editors to identify ‘the papers that need scrutiny’ in the first place”.
31. It can be learned from Paragraph 1 that________.
 Science intends to simplify its peer-review process
 journals are strengthening their statistical checks
 few journals are blamed for mistakes in data analysis
 lack of data analysis is common in research projects
32. The phrase “flagged up” (Para. 2) is the closest in meaning to________.
 found
 marked
 revised
 stored
33. Giovanni Parmigiani believes that the establishment of the SBoRE may________.
 pose a threat to all its peers
 meet with strong opposition
 increase Science’s circulation
 set an example for other journals
34. David Vaux holds that what Science is doing now________.
 adds to researchers’ workload
 diminishes the role of reviewers
 
  
 has room for further improvement
 is to fail in the foreseeable future
35. Which of the following is the best title of the text?  Science Joins Push to Screen Statistics in Papers
 Professional Statisticians Deserve More Respect
 Data Analysis Finds Its Way onto Editors’ Desks  Statisticians Are Coming Back with Science
4
Two years ago, Rupert Murdoch’s daughter, Elisabeth, spoke of the “unsettling dearth of integrity across so many of our institutions.” Integrity had collapsed, she argued, because of a collective acceptance that the only “sorting mechanism” in society should be profit and the market. But “it’s us, human beings, we the people who create the society we want, not profit.”
Driving her point home, she continued: “It’s increasingly apparent that the absence of purpose, of a moral language within government, media or business could become one of the most dangerous goals for capitalism and freedom.” This same absence of moral purpose was wounding companies such as News International, she thought, making it more likely that it would lose its way as it had with widespread illegal telephone hacking .
As the hacking trial concludes——finding guilty one ex-editor of the News of the World, Andy Coulson, for conspiring to hack phones, and finding his predecessor, Rebekah Brooks, innocent of the same charge —the wider issue of dearth of integrity still stands, Journalists are known to have hacked the phones of up to 5,500 people. This is hacking on an industrial scale, as was acknowledged by Glenn Mulcaire, the man hired by the News of the World in 2001 to be the point person for phone hacking. Others await trial. This long story still unfolds.
In many respects, the dearth of moral purpose frames not only the fact of such widespread phone hacking but the terms on which the trial took place. One of the astonishing revelations was how little Rebekah Brooks knew of what went on in her newsroom, how little she thought to ask and the fact that she never inquired how the stories arrived. The core of her successful defence was that she knew nothing.
In today’s world, it has become normal that well-paid executives should not be accountable for what happens in the organizations that they run. Perhaps we should not be so surprised. For a generation, the collective doctrine has been that the sorting mechanism of society should be profit. The words that have mattered are efficiency, flexibility, shareholder value, business–friendly, wealth generation, sales, impact and, in newspapers, circulation. Words degraded to the margin have been justice, fairness, tolerance, proportionality and accountability.
The purpose of editing the News of the World was not to promote reader understanding, to be fair in what was written or to betray any common humanity. It was to ruin lives in the quest for circulation and impact. Ms Brooks may or may not have had suspicions about how her journalists got their stories, but she asked no questions, gave no instructions—nor received traceable, recorded answers.
36. According to the first two paragraphs, Elisabeth was upset by________.
 
 
 the consequences of the current sorting mechanism  companies’ financial loss due to immoral practices  governmental ineffectiveness on moral issues
 the wide misuse of integrity among institutions
37. It can be inferred from Paragraph 3 that________.
 Glem Mulcaire may deny phone hacking as a crime
 more journalists may be found guilty of phone hacking
 Andy Coulson should be held innocent of the charge
 phone hacking will be accepted on certain occasions
38. The author believes the Rebekah Books’s defence________.
 revealed a cunning personality
 centered on trivial issues
 was hardly convincing
 was part of a conspiracy
39. The author holds that the current collective doctrine shows________.  generally distorted values
 unfair wealth distribution
 a marginalized lifestyle
 a rigid moral code
40. Which of the following is suggested in the last paragraph?
 The quality of writing is of primary importance.
 Common humanity is central to news reporting.
 Moral awareness matters in editing a newspaper.
 Journalists need stricter industrial regulations.


#2014
As many people hit middle age, they often start to notice that their memory and mental clarity are not what they used to be. We suddenly can't remember 1 we put the keys just a moment ago, or an old acquaintance's name, or the name of an old band we used to love. As the brain 2 , we refer to these occurrences as "senior moments." 3 seemingly innocent, this loss of mental focus can potentially have a(an) 4 impact on our professional, social, and personal 5 .
Neuroscientists, experts who study the nervous system, are increasingly showing that there's actually a lot that can be done. It 6 out that the brain needs exercise in much the same way our muscles do, and the right mental 7 can significantly improve our basic cognitive 8 . Thinking is essentially a 9 of making connections in the brain. To a certain extent, our ability to 10 in making the connections that drive intelligence is inherited. 11 , because these connections are made through effort and practice, scientists believe that intelligence can expand and fluctuate 12 mental effort.
Now, a new Web-based company has taken it a step 13 and developed the first "brain training program" designed to actually help people improve and regain their mental 14 .
The Web-based program 15 you to systematically improve your memory and attention skills. The program keeps 16 of your progress and provides detailed feedback 17 your performance and
                  improvement. Most importantly, it 18 strengths you are developing--much like a(n) your muscle use.
modifies and enhances the games you play to 19 on the
  1.
 why
2. improves
3. While
4. uneven
5. relationship environment
 that
 collapses
 Once
 damaging
 wellbeing  points

 when  fades
 Unless  limited
6. turns
7. responses
8. genre
9. channel
10. excel
11. However  Moreover 12. instead of  regardless of 13. back  further 14. framework  stability
 finds
 roundabouts
 workouts
 circumstances  functions
 criterion  process  feature
 sequence  persist  Otherwise
 apart from  aside
 sharpness
 condition  believe
 Therefore  according to
 around  flexibility
20
exercise routine requires you to increase resistance and vary
 where  recovers
 If
 obscure  outlook
 figures
 associations
 
  15. hurries
16. order
17. to
 reminds  track
 on
 forces  hold
 for
 irregularly
 build  idle
 allows  pace  with
 unusually
 take  effective
18. constantly  habitually
19. carry  put
20. risky  familiar

 Section II Reading Comprehension

Directions:Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
 1
In order to “change lives for the better” and reduce “dependency,” George Osbome, Chancellor of the
Exchequer, introduced the “upfront work search” scheme. Only if the jobless arrive at the job centre with a CV register for online job search, and start looking for work will they be eligible for benefit-and then they should report weekly rather than fortnightly. What could be more reasonable?
More apparent reasonableness followed. There will now be a seven-day wait for the jobseeker’s allowance. “Those first few days should be spent looking for work, not looking to sign on.” he claimed. “We’re doing these things because we know they help people say off benefits and help those on benefits get into work faster” Help? Really? On first hearing, this was the socially concerned chancellor, trying to change lives for the better, complete with “reforms” to an obviously indulgent system that demands too little effort from the newly unemployed to find work, and subsides laziness. What motivated him, we were to understand, was his zeal for “fundamental fairness”-protecting the taxpayer, controlling spending and ensuring that only the most deserving claimants received their benefits.
Losing a job is hurting: you don’t skip down to the jobcentre with a song in your heart, delighted at the prospect of doubling your income from the generous state. It is financially terrifying psychologically embarrassing and you know that support is minimal and extraordinarily hard to get. You are now not wanted; you support is minimal and extraordinarily hard to get. You are now not wanted; you are now excluded from the work environment that offers purpose and structure in your life. Worse, the crucial income to feed yourself and your family and pay the bills has disappeared. Ask anyone newly unemployed what they want and the answer is always: a job.
But in Osborneland, your first instinct is to fall into dependency- permanent dependency if you can get it-supported by a state only too ready to indulge your falsehood. It is as though 20 years of ever- tougher reforms of the job search and benefit administration system never happened. The principle of British welfare is no longer that you can insure yourself against the risk of unemployment and receive unconditional payments if the disaster happens. Even the very phrase ‘jobseeker’s allowance’-invented in 1996- is about redefining the unemployed as a “jobseeker” who had no mandatory right to a benefit he or she has earned through making national insurance contributions. Instead, the claimant receives a time-limited “allowance,” conditional on actively seeking a job; no entitlement and no insurance, at £71.70 a week, one of the least generous in the EU.
21. George Osborne’s scheme was intended to _____.
 motivate the unemployed to report voluntarily
 
  
 provide the unemployed with easier access to benefits
 encourage jobseekers’ active engagement in job seeking
 guarantee jobseekers’ legitimate right to benefits
22. The phrase “to sign on” (Line 3, Para. 2) most probably means _____.  to register for an allowance from the government
 to accept the government’s restrictions on the allowance
 to check on the availability of jobs at the jobcentre
 to attend a governmental job-training program
23. What prompted the chancellor to develop his scheme?
 A desire to secure a better life for all.
 An eagerness to protect the unemployed.
 An urge to be generous to the claimants.
 A passion to ensure fairness for taxpayers.
24. According to Paragraph 3, being unemployed makes one feel _____.  insulted
 uneasy
 enraged
 guilty
25. To which of the following would the author most probably agree?
 Unemployment benefits should not be made conditional.
 The British welfare system indulges jobseekers’ laziness.
 The jobseekers’ allowance has met their actual needs.
 Osborne’s reforms will reduce the risk of unemployment.
 2
All around the world, lawyers generate more hostility than the members of any other profession---with the
possible exception of journalism. But there are few places where clients have more grounds for complaint than America.
During the decade before the economic crisis, spending on legal services in America grew twice as fast as inflation. The best lawyers made skyscrapers-full of money, tempting ever more students to pile into law schools. But most law graduates never get a big-firm job. Many of them instead become the kind of nuisance-lawsuit filer that makes the tort system a costly nightmare.
There are many reasons for this. One is the excessive costs of a legal education. There is just one path for a lawyer in most American states: a four-year undergraduate degree at one of 200 law schools authorized by the American Bar Association and an expensive preparation for the bar exam. This leaves today’s average law-school graduate with $100,000 of debt on top of undergraduate debts. Law-school debt means that they have to work fearsomely hard.
Reforming the system would help both lawyers and their customers. Sensible ideas have been around for a long time, but the state-level bodies that govern the profession have been too conservative to implement them. One idea is to allow people to study law as an undergraduate degree. Another is to let students sit for the bar after only
 
  
two years of law school. If the bar exam is truly a stern enough test for a would-be lawyer, those who can sit it earlier should be allowed to do so. Students who do not need the extra training could cut their debt mountain by a third.
The other reason why costs are so high is the restrictive guild-like ownership structure of the business. Except in the District of Columbia, non-lawyers may not own any share of a law firm. This keeps fees high and innovation slow. There is pressure for change from within the profession, but opponents of change among the regulators insist that keeping outsiders out of a law firm isolates lawyers from the pressure to make money rather than serve clients ethically.
In fact, allowing non-lawyers to own shares in law firms would reduce costs and improve services to customers, by encouraging law firms to use technology and to employ professional managers to focus on improving firms’ efficiency. After all, other countries, such as Australia and Britain, have started liberalizing their legal professions. America should follow.
26. A lot of students take up law as their profession due to _____.
 the growing demand from clients  the increasing pressure of inflation  the prospect of working in big firms  the attraction of financial rewards
27. Which of the following adds to the costs of legal education in most American states?
 Higher tuition fees for undergraduate studies.
 Pursuing a bachelor’s degree in another major.
 Admissions approval from the bar association.
 Receiving training by professional associations.
28. Hindrance to the reform of the legal system originates from _____.  non-professionals’ sharp criticism
 lawyers’ and clients’ strong resistance
 the rigid bodies governing the profession
 the stern exam for would-be lawyers
29. The guild-like ownership structure is considered “restrictive” partly because it _____.  prevents lawyers from gaining due profits
 keeps lawyers from holding law-firm shares
 aggravates the ethical situation in the trade
 bans outsiders’ involvement in the profession
30. In this text, the author mainly discusses _____.
 flawed ownership of America’s law firms and its causes
 the factors that help make a successful lawyer in America
 a problem in America’s legal profession and solutions to it
 the role of undergraduate studies in America’s legal education  3
The US$3-million Fundamental physics prize is indeed an interesting experiment, as Alexander Polyakov said
 
  
when he accepted this year’s award in March. And it is far from the only one of its type. As a News Feature article in Nature discusses, a string of lucrative awards for researchers have joined the Nobel Prizes in recent years. Many, like the Fundamental Physics Prize, are funded from the telephone-number-sized bank accounts of Internet entrepreneurs. These benefactors have succeeded in their chosen fields, they say, and they want to use their wealth to draw attention to those who have succeeded in science.
What’s not to like? Quite a lot, according to a handful of scientists quoted in the News Feature. You cannot buy class, as the old saying goes, and these upstart entrepreneurs cannot buy their prizes the prestige of the Nobels. The new awards are an exercise in self-promotion for those behind them, say scientists. They could distort the achievement-based system of peer-review-led research. They could cement the status quo of peer-reviewed research. They do not fund peer-reviewed research. They perpetuate the myth of the lone genius.
The goals of the prize-givers seem as scattered as the criticism. Some want to shock, others to draw people into science, or to better reward those who have made their careers in research.
As Nature has pointed out before, there are some legitimate concerns about how science prizes—both new and old—are distributed. The Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences, launched this year, takes an unrepresentative view of what the life sciences include. But the Nobel Foundation’s limit of three recipients per prize, each of whom must still be living, has long been outgrown by the collaborative nature of modern research—as will be demonstrated by the inevitable row over who is ignored when it comes to acknowledging the discovery of the Higgs boson. The Nobels were, of course, themselves set up by a very rich individual who had decided what he wanted to do with his own money. Time, rather than intention, has given them legitimacy.
As much as some scientists may complain about the new awards, two things seem clear. First, most researchers would accept such a prize if they were offered one. Second, it is surely a good thing that the money and attention come to science rather than go elsewhere, It is fair to criticize and question the mechanism—that is the culture of research, after all—but it is the prize-givers’ money to do with as they please. It is wise to take such gifts with gratitude and grace.
31. The Fundamental Physics Prize is seen as _____.
 a symbol of the entrepreneurs’ wealth
 a possible replacement of the Nobel Prizes
 a handsome reward for researchers
 an example of bankers’ investments
32. The critics think that the new awards will most benefit _____.
 the profit-oriented scientists
 the founders of the awards
 the achievement-based system
 peer-review-led research
33. The discovery of the Higgs boson is a typical case which involves _____.  the joint effort of modern researchers
 controversies over the recipients’ status
 the demonstration of research findings
 legitimate concerns over the new prizes
34. According to Paragraph 4, which of the following is true of the Nobels?
 
  
 History has never cast doubt on them.
 They are the most representative honor.
 Their legitimacy has long been in dispute.
 Their endurance has done justice to them.
35. The author believes that the new awards are _____.  harmful to the culture of research
 acceptable despite the criticism
 subject to undesirable changes
 unworthy of public attention
 4
“The Heart of the Matter,” the just-released report by the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (AAAS),
deserves praise for affirming the importance of the humanities and social sciences to the prosperity and security of liberal democracy in America. Regrettably, however, the report's failure to address the true nature of the crisis facing liberal education may cause more harm than good.
In 2010, leading congressional Democrats and Republicans sent letters to the AAAS asking that it identify actions that could be taken by "federal, state and local governments, universities, foundations, educators, individual benefactors and others" to "maintain national excellence in humanities and social scientific scholarship and education."In response, the American Academy formed the Commission on the Humanities and Social Sciences. Among the commission's 51 members are top-tier-university presidents, scholars, lawyers, judges, and business executives, as well as prominent figures from diplomacy, filmmaking, music and journalism.
The goals identified in the report are generally admirable. Because representative government presupposes an informed citizenry, the report supports full literacy; stresses the study of history and government, particularly American history and American government; and encourages the use of new digital technologies. To encourage innovation and competition, the report calls for increased investment in research, the crafting of coherent curricula that improve students' ability to solve problems and communicate effectively in the 21st century, increased funding for teachers and the encouragement of scholars to bring their learning to bear on the great challenges of the day. The report also advocates greater study of foreign languages, international affairs and the expansion of study abroad programs.
Unfortunately, despite 21⁄2 years in the making, "The Heart of the Matter" never gets to the heart of the matter: the illiberal nature of liberal education at our leading colleges and universities. The commission ignores that for several decades America's colleges and universities have produced graduates who don't know the content and character of liberal education and are thus deprived of its benefits. Sadly, the spirit of inquiry once at home on campus has been replaced by the use of the humanities and social sciences as vehicles for publicizing "progressive," or left-liberal propaganda.
Today, professors routinely treat the progressive interpretation of history and progressive public policy as the proper subject of study while portraying conservative or classical liberal ideas—such as free markets or self-reliance —as falling outside the boundaries of routine, and sometimes legitimate, intellectual investigation.
The AAAS displays great enthusiasm for liberal education. Yet its report may well set back reform by obscuring the depth and breadth of the challenge that Congress asked it to illuminate.
36. According to Paragraph 1, what is the author’s attitude toward the AAAS’s report?
 Critical
 
 
  Appreciative  Contemptuous  Tolerant
37. Influential figures in the Congress required that the AAAS report on how to _____.
 safeguard individuals’ rights to education
 define the government’s role in education
 retain people’s interest in liberal education
 keep a leading position in liberal education
38. According to Paragraph 3, the report suggests _____.  an exclusive study of American history
 a greater emphasis on theoretical subjects
 the application of emerging technologies
 funding for the study of foreign languages
39. The author implies in Paragraph 5 that professors are _____.  supportive of free markets
 biased against classical liberal ideas
 cautious about intellectual investigation
 conservative about public policy
40. Which of the following would be the best title for the text?  Illiberal Education and “The Heart of the Matter”
 The AAAS’s Contribution to Liberal Education
 Ways to Grasp “The Heart of the Matter”
 Progressive Policy vs. Liberal Education


#2013
People are, on the whole, poor at considering background information when making individual decisions. At first glance this might seem like a strength that 1 the ability to make judgments which are unbiased
by 2 factors. But Dr. Uri Simonsohn speculated that an inability to consider the big 3 was leading
 
decision-makers to be biased by the daily samples of information they were working with. 4 , he theorised that a judge 5 of appearing too soft 6 crime might be more likely to send someone to prison 7 he had already sentenced five or six other defendants only to forced community service on that day.
To8 this idea, he turned to the university-admissions process. In theory, the 9 of an applicant should not depend on the few others10 randomly for interview during the same day, but Dr. Simonsoho suspected the truth was 11 .
He studied the results of 9,323 MBA interviews 12 by 31 admissions officers. The interviewers
had 13 applicants on a scale of one to five. This scale 14 numerous factors into consideration. The scores were 15 used in conjunction with an applicant’s score on the Graduate Management Admission Test, or GMAT, a standardized exam which is 16 out of 800 points, to make a decision on whether to accept him or her.
Dr. Simonsoho found if the score of the previous candidate in a daily series of interviewees was 0.75 points or more higher than that of the one 17 that, then the score for the next applicant would18 by an average of 0.075 points. This might sound small, but to 19the effects of such a decrease a candidate would need 30 more GMAT points than would otherwise have been 20 .
                
1.
 grants  submits  transmits  delivers
2. minor  external  crucial  objective 3. issue  vision  picture  moment
4. Above all 5. fond 6. in
7. if
 On average  fearful
 for  until
 In principle  capable
 to
 though
 share  status
 chosen  replaceable
 For example  thoughtless
 on
 unless
 promote  success
 identified  exceptional
8. test
9. decision
10. found
11. otherwise defensible
 emphasize  quality  studied

 
  12. inspired 13. assigned 14. put 15. instead 16. selected 17. below 18. jump 19. achieve 20. necessary
 expressed  rated
 got  then  passed
 after  float  undo
 possible
 conducted  matched
 took  ever
 marked  above
 fluctuate  maintain
 promising
 secured  arranged
 gave  rather
 introduced  before
 drop
 disregard
 helpful
 Section II Reading Comprehension

Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
 1
In the 2006 film version of The Devil Wears Prada, Miranda Priestly, played by Meryl Streep, scolds her unattractive assistant for imagining that high fashion doesn’t affect her. Priestly explains how the deep bluecolor of the assistant’s sweater descended over the years from fashion shows to department stores and to the bargain bin in which the poor girl doubtless found her garment.
This top-down conception of the fashion business couldn’t be more out of date or at odds with the feverish world described in Overdressed, Elizabeth Cline’s three-year indictment of “fast fashion”. In the last decade or so, advances in technology have allowed mass-market labels such as Zara, H&M, and Uniqlo to react to trends more quickly and anticipate demand more precisely. Quicker turnarounds mean less wasted inventory, more frequent releases, and more profit. These labels encourage style-conscious consumers to see clothes as disposable—meant to last only a wash or two, although they don’t advertise that—and to renew their wardrobe every few weeks. By offering on-trend items at dirt-cheap prices, Cline argues, these brands have hijacked fashion cycles, shaking an industry long accustomed to a seasonal pace.
  The victims of this revolution, of course, are not limited to designers. For H&M to offer a $5.95 knit miniskirt in all its 2,300-plus stores around the world, it must rely on low-wage overseas labor, order in volumes that strain natural resources, and use massive amounts of harmful chemicals.Overdressed is the fashion world’s answer to consumer-activist bestsellers like Michael Pollan’s The Omnivore’s Dilemma. “Mass-produced clothing, like fast food, fills a hunger and need, yet is non-durable and wasteful,” Cline argues. Americans, she finds, buy roughly 20 billion garments a year—about 64 items per person—and no matter how much they give away, this excess leads to waste.

 
  Towards the end of Overdressed, Cline introduced her ideal, a Brooklyn woman named Sarah Kate Beaumont, who since 2008 has made all of her own clothes—and beautifully. But as Cline is the first to note, it took Beaumont decades to perfect her craft; her example can’t be knocked off.
Though several fast-fashion companies have made efforts to curb their impact on labor and the environment—including H&M, with its green Conscious Collection line—Cline believes lasting change can only be effected by the customer. She exhibits the idealism common to many advocates of sustainability, be it in food or in energy. Vanity is a constant; people will only start shopping more sustainably when they can’t afford not to.
21. Priestly criticizes her assistant for her _______.
 lack of imagination
  poor bargaining skill
 obsession with high fashion
 insensitivity to fashion
22. According to Cline, mass-market labels urge consumers to _______.
 combat unnecessary waste
 shop for their garments more frequently
 resist the influence of advertisements
 shut out the feverish fashion world
23. The word “indictment” (Line 3, Para.2) is closest in meaning to _______.  accusation
 enthusiasm
 indifference
 tolerance
24. Which of the following can be inferred from the last paragraph?
 Vanity has more often been found in idealists.
 The fast-fashion industry ignores sustainability.
 Pricing is vital to environment-friendly purchasing.
 People are more interested in unaffordable garments.
25. What is the subject of the text?
 Satire on an extravagant lifestyle.
  Challenge to a high-fashion myth.  Criticism of the fast-fashion industry.  Exposure of a mass-market secret  2
An old saying has it that half of all advertising budgets are wasted—the trouble is, no one knows which half. In the internet age, at least in theory, this fraction can be much reduced. By watching what people search for, click on and say online, companies can aim “behavioral” ads at those most likely to buy.

 
  In the past couple of weeks a quarrel has illustrated the value to advertisers of such fine-grained information: Should advertisers assume that people are happy to be tracked and sent behavioral ads? Or should they have explicit permission?
In December 2010 America’s Federal Trade Commission (FTC) proposed adding a “do not track” (DNT) option to internet browsers, so that users could tell advertisers that they did not want to be followed. Microsoft’s Internet Explorer and Apple’s Safari both offer DNT; Google’s Chrome is due to do so this year. In February the FTC and Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) agreed that the industry would get cracking on responding to DNT requests.
On May 31st Microsoft set off the row: It said that InternetExplorer 10, the version due to appear
  Windows 8, would have DNT as a default.
Advertisers are horrified. Human nature being what it is, most people stick with default settings. Few switch DNT on now, but if tracking is off it will stay off. Bob Liodice, the chief executive of the Association of National Advertisers, says consumers will be worse off if the industry cannot collect information about their preferences. People will not get fewer ads, he says, “they’ll get less meaningful, less targeted ads.”
It is not yet clear how advertisers will respond. Getting a DNT signal does not oblige anyone to stop tracking, although some companies have promised to do so. Unable to tell whether someone really objects to behavioral ads or whether they are sticking with Microsoft’s default, some may ignore a DNT signal and press on anyway.
Also unclear is why Microsoft has gone it alone. After all, it has an ad business too, which it says will comply with DNT requests, though it is still working out how. If it is trying to upset Google, which relies almost wholly on advertising, it has chosen an indirect method: There is no guarantee that DNT by default will become the norm.DNT does not seem an obviously huge selling point for Windows 8—though the firm has compared some of its other products favorably with Google’s on that count before. Brendon Lynch, Microsoft’s chief privacy officer, blogged: “we believe consumers should have more control.” Could it really be that simple?
26. It is suggested in paragraph 1 that “behavioral” ads help advertisers to _______.
 lower their operational costs
 ease competition among themselves
 avoid complaints from consumers
  provide better online services
27. “The industry” (Line 5, Para.3) refers to_______.
 online advertisers
 e-commerce conductors
 digital information analysis
 internet browser developers
28. Bob Liodice holds that setting DNT as a default _______.  goes against human nature

 
   fails to affect the ad industry
 will not benefit consumers
 many cut the number of junk ads
29. Which of the following is true according to Paragraph 6?
 Advertisers are obliged to offer behavioral ads
 DNT may not serve its intended purpose
 DNT is losing its popularity among consumers
 Advertisers are willing to implement DNT
30. The author’s attitude towards what Brendon Lynch said in his blog is one of_______.
  appreciation  understanding  indulgence  skepticism
 3
Up until a few decades ago, our visions of the future were largely—though by no means uniformly—glowingly positive. Science and technology would cure all the ills of humanity, leading to lives of fulfillment and opportunity for all.
Now utopia has grown unfashionable, as we have gained a deeper appreciation of the range of threats facing us, from asteroid strike to epidemic flu to climate change. You might even be tempted to assume that humanity has little future to look forward to.
But such gloominess is misplaced. The fossil record shows that many species have endured for millions of years—so why shouldn’t we? Take a broader look at our species’ place in the universe, and it becomes clear that we have an excellent chance of surviving for tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of years. Look upHomo sapiensin the “Red List” of threatened species of the international Union for the Concentration of Nature (IUCN), and you will read: “Listed as Least Concern as the species is very widely distributed, adaptable, currently increasing, and there are no major threats resulting in an overall population decline.”
So what does our deep future hold? A growing number of researchers and organizations are now thinking seriously about that question. For example, the Long Now Foundation has as its flagship project a mechanical
 clock that is designed to still be marking time thousands of years hence.
Perhaps willfully, it may be easier to think about such lengthy timescales than about the more immediate
future. The potential evolution of today’s technology, and its social consequences, is dazzlingly complicated, and it’s perhaps best left to science-fiction writers and futurologists to explore the many possibilities we can envisage. That’s one reason why we have launched Arc, a new publication dedicated to the near future.
But take a longer view and there is a surprising amount that we can say with considerable assurance. As so often, the past holds the key to the future: we have now identified enough of the long-term patterns shaping

 
  the history of the planet, and our species, to make evidence-based forecasts about the situations in which our descendants will find themselves.
This long perspective makes the pessimistic view of our prospects seem more likely to be a passing fad. To be sure, the future is not all rosy. But we are now knowledgeable enough to reduce many of the risks that threatened the existence of earlier humans, and to improve the lot of those to come.
31. Our vision of the future used to be inspired by _______.
 our desire for lives of fulfillment.
 our faith in science and technology.
 our awareness of potential risks.
  our belief in equal opportunity.
32. The IUCN’s “Red List” suggests that human beings are _______.
 a misplaced race.
 a sustained species.
 the world’s dominant power.
 a threat to the environment.
33. Which of the following is true according to Paragraph 5?  The interest in science fiction is on the rise.
 Arc helps limit the scope of futurological studies.
 Technology offers solutions to social problems.
 Our immediate future is hard to conceive.
34. To ensure the future of mankind, it is crucial to _______.  draw on our experience from the past.
 adopt an optimistic view of the world.
 explore our planet’s abundant resources.
 curb our ambition to reshape history.
35. Which of the following would be the best title for the text?  Uncertainty about Our Future
 Evolution of the Human Species
 The Ever-bright Prospects of Mankind.
  Science, Technology and Humanity.  4
On a five to three vote, the Supreme Court knocked out much of Arizona’s immigration law Monday—a modest policy victory for the Obama Administration. But on the more important matter of the Constitution, the decision was an 8-0 defeat for the Administration’s effort to upset the balance of power between the federal government and the states.

 
  InArizona v. United States, the majority overturned three of the four contested provisions of Arizona’s controversial plan to have state and local police enforce federal immigration law. The Constitutional principles that Washington alone has the power to “establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization” and that federal laws precede state laws are noncontroversial. Arizona had attempted to fashion state policies that ran parallel to the existing federal ones.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, joined by Chief Justice John Roberts and the Court’s liberals, ruled that the state flew too close to the federal sun. On the overturned provisions the majority held that Congress had deliberately “occupied the field”, and Arizona has thus intruded on the federal’s privileged powers.
However, the Justices said that Arizona police would be allowed to verify the legal status of people who
 come in contact with law enforcement. That’s because Congress has always envisioned joint federal-state immigration enforcement and explicitly encourages state officers to share information and cooperate with federal colleagues.
Two of the three objecting Justices—Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas—agreed with this Constitutional logic but disagreed about which Arizona rules conflicted with the federal statute. The only major objection came from Justice Antonin Scalia, who offered an even more robust defense of state privileges going back to the Alien and Sedition Acts.
The 8-0 objection to President Obama turns on what Justice Samuel Alito describes in his objection as “a shocking assertion of federal executive power”. The White House argued that Arizona’s laws conflicted with its enforcement priorities, even if state laws complied with federal statutes to the letter. In effect, the White House claimed that it could invalidate any otherwise legitimate state law that it disagrees with.
Some powers do belong exclusively to the federal government, and control of citizenship and the borders is among them. But if Congress wanted to prevent states from using their own resources to check immigration status, it could. It never did so. The Administration was in essence asserting that because it didn’t want to carry out Congress’s immigration wishes, no state should be allowed to do so either. Every Justice rightly rejected this remarkable claim.
36. Three provisions of Arizona’s plan were overturnedbecause they _______.
 overstepped the authority of federal immigration law
 disturbed the power balance between different states
 deprived the federal police of Constitutional powers
  contradicted both the federal and state policies
37. On which of the following did the Justices agree, according to Paragraph 4?
 States’ independence from federal immigration law.
 Federal officers’ duty to withhold immigrants’ information.
 States’ legitimate role in immigration enforcement.
 Congress’s intervention in immigration enforcement.
38. It can be inferred from Paragraph 5 that the Alien and Sedition Acts _______.  violated the Constitution

 
 stood in favor of the states
 supported the federal statute
 undermined the states’ interests
39. The White House claims that its power of enforcement _______.  outweighs that held by the states
 is established by federal statutes
 is dependent on the states’ support
 rarely goes against state laws
40. What can be learned from the last paragraph?
 Immigration issues are usually decided by Congress.
 The Administration is dominant over immigration issues.
 Justices wanted to strengthen its coordination with Congress.
 Justices intended to check the power of the Administration.


#2012
The ethical judgments of the Supreme Court justices have become an important issue recently. The court cannot 1 its legitimacy as guardian of the rule of law 2 justices behave like politicians. Yet, in several instances, justices acted in ways that 3 the court’s reputation for being independent and impartial.
  
Justice Antonin Scalia, for example, appeared at political events. That kind of activity makes it less likely that the court’s decisions will be 4 as impartial judgments. Part of the problem is that the justices are not 5by an ethics code. At the very least, the court should make itself6 to the code of conduct that 7 to the rest of the federal judiciary.
This and other similar cases 8 the question of whether there is still a 9 between the court and politics.
The framers of the Constitution envisioned law 10 having authority apart from politics. They gave justices permanent positions 11 they would be free to 12 those in power and have no need to 13 political support. Our legal system was designed to set law apart from politics precisely because they are so closely 14 .
Constitutional law is political because it results from choices rooted in fundamental social 15 like liberty and property. When the court deals with social policy decisions, the law it 16 is inescapably political—which is why decisions split along ideological lines are so easily 17 as unjust.
The justices must 18 doubts about the court’s legitimacy by making themselves 19 to the code of conduct. That would make their rulings more likely to be seen as separate from politics and,20 , convincing as law.
                
1.emphasize maintain modify recognize
2.when 3.restored 4.challenged 5.advanced 6.resistant 7.resorts
lest weakened
compromised caught
subject sticks
before established
suspected bound
immune leads
unless eliminated
accepted founded
prone applies
8.evade 9.line 10.by 11.so 12.serve 13.confirm 14.guarded 15.concepts 16.excludes
raise barrier
as since
satisfy express
followed theories
questions
deny similarity
through provided
upset cultivate
studied divisions
shapes
settle conflict towards though
replace offer
tied conventions controls

 
  17.dismissed released
ranked address agreeable in a word
distorted ignore
accountable as a result

18.suppress 19.accessible 20.by all means
exploit amiable at all costs
Section II Reading Comprehension
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your
 answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
 1
Come on — Everybody’s doing it. That whispered message, halfinvitation and half forcing, is what most of us think of when we hear the wordspeer pressure. It usually leads to no good — drinking, drugs and casual sex. But in her new book Join the Club, Tina Rosenberg contends that peer pressure can also be a positive force through what she calls the social cure, in which organizations and officials use the power of group dynamics to help individuals improve their lives and possibly the world.
Rosenberg, the recipient of a Pulitzer Prize, offers a host of examples of the social cure in action: In South Carolina, a state-sponsored antismoking program called Rage Against the Haze sets out to make cigarettes uncool. In South Africa, an HIV-prevention initiative known as loveLife recruits young people to promote safe sex among their peers.
The idea seems promising，and Rosenberg is a perceptive observer. Her critique of the lameness of many public-health campaigns is spot-on:they fail to mobilize peer pressure for healthy habits, and they demonstrate a seriously flawed understanding of psychology. “Dare to be different, please don’t smoke!” pleads one billboard campaign aimed at reducing smoking among teenagers — teenagers, who desire nothing more than fitting in. Rosenberg argues convincingly that public-health advocates ought to take a page from advertisers, so skilled at applying peer pressure.
But on the general effectiveness of the social cure, Rosenberg is less persuasive. Join the Club is filled with too much irrelevant detail and not enough exploration of the social and biological factors that make peer pressure so powerful. The most glaring flaw of the social cure as it’s presented here is that it doesn’t work very
 well for very long. Rage Against the Haze failed once state funding was cut. Evidence that the loveLife program produces lasting changes is limited and mixed.
There’s no doubt that our peer groups exert enormous influence on our behavior. An emerging body of research shows that positive health habits — as well as negative ones — spread through networks of friends via social communication. This is a subtle form of peer pressure: we unconsciously imitate the behavior we see every day.
Far less certain, however, is how successfully experts and bureaucrats can select our peer groups and steer their activities in virtuous directions. It’s like the teacher who breaks up the troublemakers inthe back row by

 
  pairing them with better-behaved classmates. The tactic never really works. And that’s the problem with a social cure engineered from the outside: in the real world, as in school, we insist on choosing our own friends. 21. According to the first paragraph, peer pressure often emerges as __________.
 a supplement to the social cure
 a stimulus to group dynamics
 an obstacle to social progress
 a cause of undesirable behaviors
22. Rosenberg holds that public advocates should _________.
 recruit professional advertisers
  learn from advertisers’ experience
 stay away from commercial advertisers
 recognize the limitations of advertisements
23. In the author’s view, Rosenberg’s book fails to __________.
 adequately probe social and biological factors
 effectively evade the flaws of the social cure
 illustrate the functions of state funding
 produce a long-lasting social effect
24. Paragraph 5 shows that our imitation of behaviors __________.
 is harmful to our networks of friends
 will mislead behavioral studies
 occurs without our realizing it
can produce negative health habits
25. The author suggests in the last paragraph that the effect ofpeer pressure is __________.
 harmful
 desirable
 profound
 questionable
 2
A deal is a deal — except, apparently, when Entergy is involved. The company, a major energy supplier in
 New England, provoked justified outrage in Vermont last week when it announced it wasreneging on a longstanding commitment to abide by the strict nuclear regulations.
Instead, the company has done precisely what it had long promised it would not: challenge the constitutionality of Vermont’s rules in the federal court, as part of a desperate effort to keep its Vermont Yankee nuclear power plant running. It’s a stunning move.
The conflict has been surfacing since 2002, when the corporation bought Vermont’s only nuclear power plant, an aging reactor in Vernon. As a condition of receiving state approval for the sale, the company agreed to seek permission from state regulators to operate past 2012. In 2006, the state went a step further, requiring
 
 
  that any extension of the plant’s license be subject to Vermont legislature’s approval. Then, too, the company went along.
Either Entergy never really intended to live by those commitments, or it simply didn’t foresee what would happen next. A string of accidents, including the partial collapse of a cooling tower in 2007 and the discovery of an underground pipe system leakage, raised serious questions about both Vermont Yankee’s safety and Entergy’s management — especially after the company made misleading statements about the pipe. Enraged by Entergy’s behavior, the Vermont Senate voted 26 to 4 last year against allowing an extension.
Now the company is suddenly claiming that the 2002 agreement is invalid because of the 2006 legislation, and that only the federal government has regulatory power over nuclear issues. The legal issues in the case are
 obscure: whereas the Supreme Court has ruled that states do have some regulatory authority over nuclear power, legalscholars say that Vermont case will offer a precedent-setting test of how far those powers extend. Certainly, there are valid concerns about the patchwork regulations that could result if every state sets its own rules. But had Entergy kept its word, that debate would be beside the point.
The company seems to have concluded that its reputation in Vermont is already so damaged that it has nothing left to lose by going to war with the state. But there should be consequences. Permission to run a nuclear plant is a public trust. Entergy runs 11 other reactors in the United States, including Pilgrim Nuclear station in Plymouth. Pledging to run Pilgrim safely, the company has applied for federal permission to keep it open for another 20 years. But as the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) reviews the company’s application, it should keep it mind what promises from Entergy are worth.
26. The phrase “reneging on” (Line 3.para.1) is closest in meaning to _________.
 condemning  reaffirming  dishonoring  securing
27. By entering into the 2002 agreement, Entergy intended to __________.
 obtain protection from Vermont regulators  seek favor from the federal legislature
 acquire an extension of its business license  get permission to purchase a power plant
 28. According to Paragraph 4, Entergy seems to have problems with its ___________.
 managerial practices
 technical innovativeness
 financial goals
 business vision
29. In the author’s view, the Vermont case will test ___________.  Entergy’s capacity to fulfill all its promises
 the mature of states’ patchwork regulations
 the federal authority over nuclear issues

 
   the limits of states’ power over nuclear issues
30. It can be inferred from the last paragraph that __________.
 Entergy’s business elsewhere might be affected  the authority of the NRC will be defied
 Entergy will withdraw its Plymouth application  Vermont’s reputation might be damaged
 3
In the idealized version of how science is done, facts about the world are waiting to be observed and collected by objective researchers who use the scientific method to carry out their work. But in the
 everyday practice of science, discovery frequently follows an ambiguous and complicated route. We aim to be objective, but we cannot escape the context of our unique life experiences.Prior knowledge and interests influence what we experience, what we think our experiences mean, and the subsequent actions we take. Opportunities for misinterpretation, error, and self-deception abound.
Consequently, discovery claims should be thought of as protoscience. Similar to newly staked mining claims, they are full of potential. But it takes collective scrutiny and acceptance to transform a discovery claim into a mature discovery. This is the credibility process, through which the individual researcher’s me, here, now becomes the community’s anyone, anywhere, anytime. Objective knowledge is the goal, not the starting point.
Once a discovery claim becomes public, the discoverer receives intellectual credit. But, unlike
with mining claims, the community takes control of what happens next. Within the complex social structure of the scientific community, researchers make discoveries; editors and reviewers act as gatekeepers by controlling the publicationprocess; other scientists use the new finding to suit their own purposes; and finally, the public (including other scientists) receives the new discovery and possibly accompanying technology. As a discovery claim works its way through the community, the interaction and confrontation between shared and competing beliefs about the science and the technology involved transforms an individual’s discovery claim into the community’s credible discovery.
Two paradoxes exist throughout this credibility process. First, scientific work tends to focus on some aspect of prevailing knowledge that is viewed as incomplete or incorrect. Little reward accompanies duplication and confirmation of what is already known and believed. The goal
 is new-search, not re-search.Not surprisingly, newly published discovery claims and credible discoveries that appear to be important and convincing will always be open to challenge and potential modification or refutation by future researchers. Second, novelty itself frequently provokes disbelief. Nobel Laureate and physiologist Albert Szent-Györgyi once described discovery as “seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought.” But thinking what nobody else has thought and telling others what they have missed may not change their views. Sometimes years are required for truly novel discovery claims to be accepted and appreciated.

 
  In the end, credibility “happens” to a discovery claim — a process that corresponds to what philosopher Annette Baier has described as the commons of the mind. “We reason together, challenge, revise, and complete each other’s reasoning and each other’s conceptions of reason.”
31. According to the first paragraph, the process of discovery is characterized by its ______.
 uncertainty and complexity
 misconception and deceptiveness
 logicality and objectivity
 systematicness and regularity
32. It can be inferred from Paragraph 2 that credibility process requires _________.
  strict inspection  shared efforts
 individual wisdom
 persistent innovation
33. Paragraph 3 shows that a discovery claim becomes credible after it _________.  has attracted the attention of the general public
 has been examined by the scientific community
 has received recognition from editors and reviewers
 has been frequently quoted by peer scientists
34. Albert Szent-Györgyi would most likely agree that _________.
 scientific claims will survive challenges
 discoveries today inspire future research
 efforts to make discoveries are justified
scientific work calls for a critical mind
35. Which of the following would be the best title of the text?
 Novelty as an Engine of Scientific Development
 Collective Scrutiny in Scientific Discovery
 Evolution of Credibility in Doing Science
 Challenge to Credibility at the Gate to Science
 4
 If the trade unionist Jimmy Hoffa were alive today, he would probably represent civil servants. When Hoffa’s Teamsters were in their prime in 1960, only one in ten American government workers belonged to a union; now 36% do. In 2009 the number of unionists in America’s public sector passed that of their fellow members in the private sector. In Britain, more than half of public-sector workers but only about 15% of private-sector ones are unionized.
There are three reasons for the public-sector unions’ thriving. First, they can shut things down without suffering much in the wayof consequences. Second, they are mostly bright and well-educated. A quarter of America’s public-sector workers have a university degree. Third, they now dominate left-of-centre politics.

 
  Some of their ties go back a long way. Britain’s Labor Party, as its name implies, has long been associated with trade unionism. Its current leader, Ed Miliband, owes his position to votes from public-sector unions.
At the state level their influence can be even more fearsome. Mark Baldassare of the Public Policy Institute of California points out that much of the state’s budget is patrolled by unions. The teachers’ unions keep an eye on schools, the CCPOA on prisons and a variety of labor groups on health care.
In many rich countries average wages in the state sector are higher than in the private one. But the real gains come in benefits and work practices. Politicians have repeatedly “backloaded” public-sector pay deals, keeping the pay increases modest but adding to holidays and especially pensions that are already generous. Reform has been vigorously opposed, perhaps most egregiously in education, where charter
 schools, academies and merit pay all faced drawn-out battles. Even though there is plenty of evidence that the quality of the teachers is the most important variable, teachers’ unions have fought against getting rid of bad ones and promoting good ones.
As the cost to everyone else has become clearer, politicians have begun to clamp down. In Wisconsin the unions have rallied thousands of supporters against Scott Walker, the hardline Republican governor. But many within the public sector suffer under the current system, too.
John Donahue at Harvard’s Kennedy School points out that the norms of culture in Western civil services suit those who want to stay put but is bad for high achievers. The only American public-sector workers who earn well above $250,000 a year are university sports coaches and the president of the United States. Bankers’ fat pay packets have attracted much criticism, but a public-sector system that does not reward high achievers may be a much bigger problem for America.
36. It can be learned from the first paragraph that _________.
 Teamsters still have a large body of members
 Jimmy Hoffa used to work as a civil servant
 unions have enlarged their public-sector membership
 the government has improved its relationship with unionists
37. Which of the following is true of Paragraph 2?
 Public-sector unions are prudent in taking actions.
 Education is required for public-sector union membership.
 Labor Party has long been fighting against public-sector unions.
  Public-sector unions seldom get in trouble for their actions.
38. It can be learned from Paragraph 4 that the income in the state sector is _________.
 illegally secured
 indirectly augmented
 excessively increased
 fairly adjusted
39. The example of the unions in Wisconsin shows that unions __________.  often run against the current political system
 can change people’s political attitudes

 
 may be a barrier to public-sector reforms
 are dominant in the government
40. John Donahue’s attitude towards the public-sector system is one of _________.  disapproval
 appreciation
 tolerance
 indifference


#2011
Ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle viewed laughter as “a bodily exercise precious to health.”
But 1 some claims to the contrary, laughing probably has little influence on physical fitness. Laughter
does 2 short-term changes in the function of the heart and its blood vessels, 3 heart rate and oxygen consumption. But because hard laughter is difficult to 4 , a good laugh is unlikely to have 5 benefits the way, say, walking or jogging does.
6 , instead of straining muscles to build them, as exercise does, laughter apparently accomplishes the 7. Studies dating back to the 1930s indicate that laughter8 muscles, decreasing muscle tone for up to 45 minutes after the laugh dies down.
Such bodily reaction might conceivably help 9 the effects of psychological stress. Anyway, the act of laughing probably does produce other types of 10 feedback that improve an individual’s emotional
state. 11 one classical theory of emotion, our feelings are partially rooted 12 physical reactions. It was argued at the end of the 19th century that humans do not cry 13 they are sad but that they become sad when the tears begin to flow.
Although sadness also 14 tears, evidence suggests that emotions can flow 15 muscular responses. In an experiment published in 1988, social psychologist Fritz Strack of the University of Würzburg in Germany asked volunteers to 16 a pen either with their teeth – thereby creating an artificial smile – or with their lips, which would produce a(n) 17 expression. Those forced to exercise their smiling muscles 18 more enthusiastically to funny cartoons than did those whose mouths were contracted in a frown, 19 that expressions may influence emotions rather than just the other way around. 20 , the physical act of laughter could improve mood.
                     1. among  except
2. reflect  demand
3. stabilizing  boosting
4. transmit  sustain
5. measurable manageable  affordable
 like
 produce
 determining  observe
 renewable  In brief  expected  relaxes
 enhance  internal
6. In turn 7. opposite 8. hardens 9. aggravate 10. physical
 In fact  In addition  impossible  average

 weakens  generate  mental
 tightens  moderate
 subconscious
 despite  indicate
 impairing  evaluate
  18. adapted 19. suggesting 20. Eventually
 catered  requiring
 reacted  mentioning supposing

 11. Except for
12. with
13. unless
14. exhausts
15. into
16. fetch
17. disappointed  excited
 Due to  in
 if
 precedes  towards
 pick
 joyful  turned
 As for  at
 because  suppresses
 beyond  hold
 indifferent
 According to  on
 until  follows
 from  bite
 Consequently Section II Reading Comprehension
 Similarly  Conversely

Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
 1
The decision of the New York Philharmonic to hire Alan
Gilbert as its next music director has been the talk of the classical-music world ever since the sudden announcement of his appointment in 2009. For the most part, the response has been favorable, to say the least. “Hooray! At last!” wrote Anthony Tommasini, a sober-sided classical-music critic.
One of the reasons why the appointment came as such a surprise, however, is that Gilbert is comparatively little known. Even Tommasini, who had advocated Gilbert’s appointment in theTimes, calls him “an unpretentious musician with no air of the formidable conductor about him.” As a description of the next music director of an orchestra that has hitherto been led by musicians like Gustav Mahler and Pierre Boulez, that seems likely to have struck at least some Times readers as faint praise.
For my part, I have no idea whether Gilbert is a great conductor or even a good one. To be sure, he performs an impressive variety of interesting compositions, but it is not necessary for me to visit Avery Fisher Hall, or anywhere else, to hear interesting orchestral music. All I have to do is to go to my CD shelf, or boot up my computer and download still more recorded music from iTunes.
Devoted concertgoers who reply that recordings are no substitute for live performance are missing the point. For the time, attention, and money of the art-loving public, classical instrumentalists must compete not only with opera houses, dance troupes, theater companies, and museums, but also with the recorded performances of the great classical musicians of the 20thcentury. These recordings are cheap, available everywhere, and very often much higher in artistic quality than today’s live performances; moreover, they can be “consumed” at a time and place of the listener’s choosing. The widespread availability of such recordings has thus brought about a crisis in the institution of the traditional classical concert.

  
One possible response is for classical performers to program attractive new music that is not yet available on record. Gilbert’s own interest in new music has been widely noted: Alex Ross, a classical-music critic, has described him as a man who is capable of turning the Philharmonic into “a markedly different, more vibrant organization.” But what will be the nature of that difference? Merely expanding the orchestra’s repertoire will not be enough. If Gilbert and the Philharmonic are to succeed, they must first change the relationship between America’s oldest orchestra and the new audience it hopes toattract.
21. We learn from Paragraph 1 that Gilbert’s appointment has
 incurred criticism.
 raised suspicion.
 received acclaim.
 aroused curiosity.
22. Tommasini regards Gilbert as an artist who is
 influential.
 modest.
 respectable.
 talented.
23. The author believes that the devoted concertgoers
 ignore the expenses of live performances.
 reject most kinds of recorded performances.
 exaggerate the variety of live performances.
 overestimate the value of live performances.
24. According to the text, which of the following is true of recordings?
 They are often inferior to live concerts in quality.
 They are easily accessible to the general public.
 They help improve the quality of music.
 They have only covered masterpieces.
25. Regarding Gilbert’s role in revitalizing the Philharmonic, the author feels
 doubtful.
 enthusiastic.
 confident.
 puzzled.
 2
When Liam McGee departed as president of Bank of America in August, his explanation was surprisingly straight up. Rather than cloaking his exit in the usual vague excuses, he came right out and said he was leaving “to pursue my goal of running a company.” Broadcasting his ambition was “very much my decision,” McGee says. Within two weeks, he was talking for the first time with the board of Hartford Financial Services Group, which named him CEO and chairman on September 29.
 
  
McGee says leaving without a position lined up gave him time to reflect on what kind of company he wanted to run. It also sent a clear message to the outside world about his aspirations. And McGee isn’t alone. In recent weeks the No. 2 executives at Avon and American Express quit with the explanation that they were looking for a CEO post. As boards scrutinize succession plans in response to shareholder pressure, executives who don’t get the nod also may wish to move on. A turbulent business environment also has senior managers cautious of letting vague pronouncements cloud their reputations.
As the first signs of recovery begin to take hold, deputy chiefs may be more willing to make the jump without a net. In the third quarter, CEO turnover was down 23% from a year ago as nervous boards stuck with the leaders they had, according to Liberum Research. As the economy picks up, opportunities will abound for aspiring leaders.
The decision to quit a senior position to look for a better one is unconventional. For years executives and headhunters have adhered to the rule that the most attractive CEO candidates are the ones who must
be poached. Says Korn/Ferry senior partner Dennis Carey: “I can’t think of a single search I’ve done where a board has not instructed me to look at sitting CEOs first.”
Those who jumped without a job haven’t always landed in top positions quickly. Ellen Marram quit as chief of Tropicana a decade ago, saying she wanted to be a CEO. It was a year before she became head of a tiny Internet-based commodities exchange. Robert Willumstad left Citigroup in 2005 with ambitions to be a CEO. He finally took that post at a major financial institution three years later.
Many recruiters say the old disgrace is fading for top
performers. The financial crisis has made it more acceptable to be between jobs or to leave a bad one. “The traditional rule was it’s safer to stay where you are, but that’s been fundamentally inverted,” says one headhunter. “The people who’ve been hurt the worst are those who’ve stayed too long.”
26. When McGee announced his departure, his manner can best be described as being
 arrogant.
 frank.
 self-centered.
 impulsive.
27. According to Paragraph 2, senior executives’ quitting may be spurred by
 their expectation of better financial status.
 their need to reflect on their private life.
 their strained relations with the boards.
 their pursuit of new career goals.
28. The word “poached” (Line 3, Paragraph 4) most probably means
 approved of.
 attended to.
 hunted for.
 guarded against.
29. It can be inferred from the last paragraph that
  
  
 top performers used to cling to their posts.
 loyalty of top performers is getting out-dated.
 top performers care more about reputations.
 it’s safer to stick to the traditional rules.
30. Which of the following is the best title for the text?  CEOs: Where to Go?
 CEOs: All the Way Up?
 Top Managers Jump without a Net
 The Only Way Out for Top Performers
 3
The rough guide to marketing success used to be that you got what you paid for. No longer. While traditional “paid” media—such as television commercials and print advertisements – still play a major role, companies today can exploit many alternative forms of media. Consumers passionate about a product may create “earned” media by willingly promoting it to friends, and a company may leverage “owned” media by sending e-mail alerts about products and sales to customers registered with its Web site. The way consumers now approach the process of making purchase decisions means that marketing’s impact stems from a broad range of factors beyond conventional paid media.
Paid and owned media are controlled by marketers promoting their own products. For earned media, such marketers act as the initiator for users’ responses. But in some cases, one marketer’s owned media become another marketer’s paid media – for instance, when an e-commerce retailer sells ad space on its Web site. We define such sold media as owned media whose traffic is so strong that other organizations place their content or e-commerce engines within that environment. This trend, which we believe is still in its infancy, effectively began with retailers and travel providers such as airlines and hotels and will no doubt go further. Johnson & Johnson, for example, has created BabyCenter, a stand-alone media property that promotes complementary and even competitive products. Besides generating income, the presence of other marketers makes the site seem objective, gives companies opportunities to learn valuable information about the appeal of other companies’ marketing, and may help expand user traffic for all companies concerned.
The same dramatic technological changes that have provided marketers with more (and more diverse) communications choices have also increased the risk that passionate consumers will voice their opinions in quicker, more visible, and much more damaging ways.Such hijacked media are the opposite of earned media: an asset or campaign becomes hostage to consumers, other stakeholders, or activists who make negative allegations about a brand or product. Members of social networks, for instance, are learning that they can hijack media to apply pressure on the businesses that originally created them.
If that happens, passionate consumers would try to persuade others to boycott products, putting the reputation of the target company at risk. In such a case, the company’s response may not be sufficiently quick or thoughtful, and the learning curve has been steep. Toyota Motor, for example, alleviated some of the damage from its recall crisis earlier this year with a relatively quick and well-orchestrated social-media
 
  
response campaign, which included efforts to engage with consumers directly on sites such as Twitter and the social-news site Digg.
31. Consumers may create “earned” media when they are
 obsessed with online shopping at certain Web sites.
 inspired by product-promoting e-mails sent to them.
 eager to help their friends promote quality products.
 enthusiastic about recommending their favorite products. 32. According to Paragraph 2, sold media feature
 a safe business environment.
 random competition.
 strong user traffic.
 flexibility in organization.
33. The author indicates in Paragraph 3 that earned media  invite constant conflicts with passionate consumers.
 can be used to produce negative effects in marketing.
 may be responsible for fiercer competition.
 deserve all the negative comments about them.
34. Toyota Motor’s experience is cited as an example of  responding effectively to hijacked media.
 persuading customers into boycotting products.
 cooperating with supportive consumers.
 taking advantage of hijacked media.
35. Which of the following is the text mainly about?
 Alternatives to conventional paid media.
 Conflict between hijacked and earned media.
 Dominance of hijacked media.
 Popularity of owned media.
 4
It’s no surprise that Jennifer Senior’s insightful, provocative magazine cover story, “I Love My Children, I Hate My Life,” is arousing much chatter – nothing gets people talking like the suggestion that child rearing is anything less than a completely fulfilling, life-enriching experience. Rather than concluding that children make parents either happy or miserable, Senior suggests we need to redefine happiness: instead of thinking of it as something that can be measured by moment-to-moment joy, we should consider being happy as a past-tense condition. Even though the day-to-day experience of raising kids can be soul-crushingly hard, Senior writes that “the very things that in the moment dampen our moods can later be sources of intense gratification and delight.”
The magazine cover showing an attractive mother holding a cute baby is hardly the only Madonna-and-child image on newsstands this week. There are also stories about newly adoptive – and newly
 
  
single – mom Sandra Bullock, as well as the usual “Jennifer Aniston is pregnant” news. Practically every week features at least one celebrity mom, or mom-to-be, smiling on the newsstands.
In a society that so persistently celebrates procreation, is it any wonder that admitting you regret having children is equivalent to admitting you support kitten-killing? It doesn’t seem quite fair, then, to compare the regrets of parents to the regrets of the childless. Unhappy parents rarely are provoked to wonder if they shouldn’t have had kids, but unhappy childless folks are bothered with the message that children are the single most important thing in the world:obviously their misery must be a direct result of the gaping baby-size holes in their lives.
Of course, the image of parenthood that celebrity magazines like Us Weekly and People present is hugely unrealistic, especially when the parents are single mothers like Bullock. According to several studies concluding that parents are less happy than childless couples, single parents are the least happy of all. No shock there, considering how much work it is to raise a kid without a partner to lean on; yet to hear Sandra and Britney tell it, raising a kid on their “own” (read: with round-the-clock help) is a piece of cake.
It’s hard to imagine that many people are dumb enough to want children just because Reese and Angelina make it look so glamorous: most adults understand that a baby is not a haircut. But it’s interesting to wonder if the images we see every week of stress-free, happiness-enhancing parenthood aren’t in some small, subconscious way contributing to our own dissatisfactions with the actual experience, in the same way that a small part of us hoped getting “the Rachel” might make us look just a little bit like Jennifer Aniston.
36. Jennifer Senior suggests in her article that raising a childcan bring
 temporary delight.
 enjoyment in progress.
 happiness in retrospect.
 lasting reward.
37.聽 We learn from Paragraph 2 that
 celebrity moms are a permanent source for gossip.
 single mothers with babies deserve greater attention.
 news about pregnant celebrities is entertaining.
 having children is highly valued by the public.
38. It is suggested in Paragraph 3 that 聽 childless folks
 are constantly exposed to criticism.
 are largely ignored by the media.
 fail to fulfill their social responsibilities.
 are less likely to be satisfied with their life.
39.According to Paragraph 4, the message conveyed by celebrity magazines is
 soothing.
 ambiguous.
 compensatory.
 misleading.
 
 
40.Which of the following can be inferred from the last paragraph?
 Having children contributes little to the glamour of celebrity moms.  Celebrity moms have influenced our attitude towards child rearing.  Having children intensifies our dissatisfaction with life.
 We sometimes neglect the happiness from child rearing.


#2010
In 1924 America's National Research Council sent two engineers to supervise a series of industrial experiments at a large telephone-parts factory called the Hawthorne Plant near Chicago. It
hoped they would learn how stop-floor lighting 大1家 workers' productivity. Instead, the studies ended 大2家 giving their name to the "Hawthorne effect", the extremely influential idea that the very 大3家 to being experimented upon changed subjects' behavior.
The idea arose because of the 大4家 behavior of the women in the Hawthorne plant. According to 大5家 of the experiments, their hourly output rose when lighting was increased, but also when it was dimmed. It did not 大6家 what was done in the experiment; 大7家 something was changed, productivity rose. A(n) 大8家 that they were being experimented upon seemed to be
大9家 to alter workers' behavior 大10家 itself.
After several decades, the same data were 大11家 to econometric the analysis. Hawthorne
experiments has another surprise store 大12家 the descriptions on record, no systematic 大13家 was found that levels of productivity were related to changes in lighting.
It turns out that peculiar way of conducting the experiments may be have let to 大14家 interpretation of what happened. 大15家 , lighting was always changed on a Sunday. When work started again on Monday, output 大16家 rose compared with the previous Saturday and 大17家 to rise for the next couple of days. 大18家 , a comparison with data for weeks when there was no experimentation showed that output always went up on Monday, workers 大19家 to be diligent
                   
  
for the first few days of the week in any case, before 大20家 a plateau and then slackening off. This suggests that the alleged "Hawthorne effect" is hard to pin down.
  1. affected
2. at
3. truth
4. controversial  perplexing 5. requirements  explanations
 extracted  with
 act
 mischievous
 accounts  indicate
 in case that  sentiment
 enough  on
 restored  off
 proof
 ambiguous
 assessments  work
 so long so  illusion
 abundant  by
 conveyed
6. conclude 7. as far as 8. awareness 9. suitable 10. about 11. compared 12. Contrary to 13. evidence 14. disputable 15. In contrast 16. duly 17. failed 18. Therefore 19. attempted 20. breaking
 Directions:
 matter
 for fear that
 expectation  excessive
 achieved
 up  sight
 for
 shown
 subjected
 Consistent with Parallel with  Peculiar to
 guidance
 enlightening  For example  accidentally
 ceased
 Furthermore  tended
 climbing
 implication  source
 reliable  misleading
 In consequence As usual
 unpredictably  started
 However
 chose
 surpassing
 suddenly  continued  Meanwhile
 intended  hitting
Section II Reading Comprehension
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing , ,  or . Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
 1
Of all the changes that have taken place in English-language newspapers during the past quarter-century, perhaps the most far-reaching has been the inexorable decline in the scope and seriousness of their arts coverage.
It is difficult to the point of impossibility for the average reader under the age of forty to imagine a time when high-quality arts criticism could be found in most big-city newspapers. Yet a considerable number of the most significant collections of criticism published in the 20th century

  
consisted in large part of newspaper reviews. To read such books today is to marvel at the fact that their learned contents were once deemed suitable for publication in general-circulation dailies.
We are even farther removed from the unfocused newspaper reviews published in England between the turn of the 20th century and the eve of World War II, at a time when newsprint was dirt-cheap and stylish arts criticism was considered an ornament to the publications in which it appeared. In those far-off days, it was taken for granted that the critics of major papers would write in detail and at length about the events they covered. Theirs was a serious business, and even those reviewers who wore their learning lightly, like George Bernard Shaw and Ernest Newman, could be trusted to know what they were about. These men believed in journalism as a calling, and were proud to be published in the daily press. “So few authors have brains enough or literary gift enough to keep their own end up in journalism,” Newman wrote, “that I am tempted to define ‘journalism’ as ‘a term of contempt applied by writers who are not read to writers who are.’”
Unfortunately, these critics are virtually forgotten. Neville Cardus, who wrote for the Manchester Guardian from 1917 until shortly before his death in 1975, is now known solely as a writer of essays on the game of cricket. During his lifetime, though, he was also one of England’s foremost classical-music critics, a stylist so widely admired that his Autobiography (1947) became a best-seller. He was knighted in 1967, the first music critic to be so honored. Yet only one of his books is now in print, and his vast body of writings on music is unknown save to specialists.
Is there any chance that Cardus’s criticism will enjoy a revival? The prospect seems remote. Journalistic tastes had changed long before his death, and postmodern readers have little use for the richly upholstered Vicwardian prose in which he specialized. Moreover, the amateur tradition in music criticism has been in headlong retreat.
21. It is indicated in Paragraphs 1 and 2 that .
 arts criticism has disappeared from big-city newspapers
 English-language newspapers used to carry more arts reviews
 high-quality newspapers retain a large body of readers
 young readers doubt the suitability of criticism on dailies
22. Newspaper reviews in England before World War II were characterized by .  free themes
 casual style
 elaborate layout
 radical viewpoints
23. Which of the following would Shaw and Newman most probably agree on?  It is writers’ duty to fulfill journalistic goals.
 It is contemptible for writers to be journalists.
 Writers are likely to be tempted into journalism.
 Not all writers are capable of journalistic writing.
24. What can be learned about Cardus according to the last two paragraphs?  His music criticism may not appeal to readers today.
 
  
 His reputation as a music critic has long been in dispute.  His style caters largely to modern specialists.
 His writings fail to follow the amateur tradition.
25. What would be the best title for the text?
 Newspapers of the Good Old Days  The Lost Horizon in Newspapers  Mournful Decline of Journalism  Prominent Critics in Memory
 2
Over the past decade, thousands of patents have been granted for what are called business methods. Amazon.com received one for its "one-click" online payment system. Merrill Lynch got legal protection for an asset allocation strategy. One inventor patented a technique for lifting a box.
Now the nation's top patent court appears completely ready to scale back on business-method patents, which have been controversial ever since they were first authorized 10 years ago. In a move that has intellectual-property lawyers abuzz the U.S. court of Appeals for the federal circuit said it would use a particular case to conduct a broad review of business-method patents. In re Bilski, as the case is known , is "a very big deal", says Dennis D. Crouch of the University of Missouri School of law. It "has the potential to eliminate an entire class of patents."
Curbs on business-method claims would be a dramatic about-face, because it was the federal circuit itself that introduced such patents with is 1998 decision in the so-called state Street Bank case, approving a patent on a way of pooling mutual-fund assets. That ruling produced an explosion in business-method patent filings, initially by emerging internet companies trying to stake out exclusive rights to specific types of online transactions. Later, move established companies raced to add such patents to their files, if only as a defensive move against rivals that might beat them to the punch. In 2005, IBM noted in a court filing that it had been issued more than 300 business-method patents despite the fact that it questioned the legal basis for granting them. Similarly, some Wall Street investment films armed themselves with patents for financial products, even as they took positions in court cases opposing the practice.
The Bilski case involves a claimed patent on a method for hedging risk in the energy market. The Federal circuit issued an unusual order stating that the case would be heard by all 12 of the court's judges, rather than a typical panel of three, and that one issue it wants to evaluate is whether it should "reconsider" its state street Bank ruling.
The Federal Circuit's action comes in the wake of a series of recent decisions by the supreme Court that has narrowed the scope of protections for patent holders. Last April, for example the justices signaled that too many patents were being upheld for "inventions" that are obvious. The judges on the Federal circuit are "reacting to the anti-patent trend at the Supreme Court", says Harold C. Wegner, a patent attorney and professor at George Washington University Law School.
26. Business-method patents have recently aroused concern because of .
 their limited value to business
 
  
 their connection with asset allocation
 the possible restriction on their granting
 the controversy over authorization
27. Which of the following is true of the Bilski case?
 Its ruling complies with the court decisions.
 It involves a very big business transaction.
 It has been dismissed by the Federal Circuit.
 It may change the legal practices in the U.S..
28. The word “about-face” (Line 1, Para 3) most probably means .
 loss of good will
 increase of hostility
 change of attitude
 enhancement of dignity
29. We learn from the last two paragraphs that business-method patents.  are immune to legal challenges
 are often unnecessarily issued
 lower the esteem for patent holders
 increase the incidence of risks
30. Which of the following would be the subject of the text?
 A looming threat to business-method patents
 Protection for business-method patent holders
 A legal case regarding business-method patents
 A prevailing trend against business-method patents
 3
In his book The Tipping Point, Malcolm Gladwell argues that social epidemics are driven in large part by the acting of a tiny minority of special individuals, often called influentials, who are unusually informed, persuasive, or well-connected. The idea is intuitively compelling, but it doesn't explain how ideas actually spread.
The supposed importance of influentials derives from a plausible sounding but largely untested theory called the "two step flow of communication": Information flows from the media to the influentials and from them to everyone else. Marketers have embraced the two-step flow because it suggests that if they can just find and influence the influentials, those selected people will do most of the work for them. The theory also seems to explain the sudden and unexpected popularity of certain looks, brands, or neighborhoods. In many such cases, a cursory search for causes finds that some small group of people was wearing, promoting, or developing whatever it is before anyone else paid attention. Anecdotal evidence of this kind fits nicely with the idea that only certain special people can drive trends
In their recent work, however, some researchers have come up with the finding that influentials
 
  
have far less impact on social epidemics than is generally supposed. In fact, they don't seem to be required of all.
The researchers' argument stems from a simple observing about social influence, with the exception of a few celebrities like Oprah Winfrey—whose outsize presence is primarily a function of media, not interpersonal, influence—even the most influential members of a population simply don't interact with that many others. Yet it is precisely these non-celebrity influentials who, according to the two-step-flow theory, are supposed to drive social epidemics by influencing their friends and colleagues directly. For a social epidemic to occur, however, each person so affected, must then influence his or her own acquaintances, who must in turn influence theirs, and so on; and just how many others pay attention to each of these people has little to do with the initial influential. If people in the network just two degrees removed from the initial influential prove resistant, for example from the initial influential prove resistant, for example the cascade of change won't propagate very far or affect many people.
Building on the basic truth about interpersonal influence, the researchers studied the dynamics of populations by conducting thousands of computer simulations of populations, manipulating a number of variables relating to people’s ability to influence others and their tendency to be influenced. They found that the principal requirement for what is called “global cascades”—the widespread propagation of influence through networks—is the presence not of a few influentials but, rather, of a critical mass of easily influenced people.
31. By citing the book The Tipping Point, the author intends to .
analyze the consequences of social epidemics
discuss influentials’ function in spreading ideas
exemplify people’s intuitive response to social epidemics
describe the essential characteristics of influentials
32. The author suggests that the “two-step-flow theory” .
serves as a solution to marketing problems
has helped explain certain prevalent trends
has won support from influentials
requires solid evidence for its validity
33. What the researchers have observed recently shows that .
 the power of influence goes with social interactions
 interpersonal links can be enhanced through the media
 influentials have more channels to reach the public
 most celebrities enjoy wide media attention
34. The underlined phrase “these people” in Paragraph 4 refers to the ones who .
 stay outside the network of social influence
 have little contact with the source of influence
 are influenced and then influence others
 are influenced by the initial influential
 
  
35. What is the essential element in the dynamics of social influence?
The eagerness to be accepted. The impulse to influence others. The readiness to be influenced. The inclination to rely on others.
 4
Bankers have been blaming themselves for their troubles in public. Behind the scenes, they have been taking aim at someone else: the accounting standard-setters. Their rules, moan the banks, have forced them to report enormous losses, and it's just not fair. These rules say they must value some assets at the price a third party would pay, not the price managers and regulators would like them to fetch.
Unfortunately, banks' lobbying now seems to be working. The details may be unknowable, but the independence of standard-setters, essential to the proper functioning of capital markets, is being compromised. And, unless banks carry toxic assets at prices that attract buyers, reviving the banking system will be difficult.
After a bruising encounter with Congress, America's Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) rushed through rule changes. These gave banks more freedom to use models to value illiquid assets and more flexibility in recognizing losses on long-term assets in their income statement. Bob Herz, the FASB's chairman, cried out against those who "question our motives." Yet bank shares rose and the changes enhance what one lobby group politely calls "the use of judgment by management."
European ministers instantly demanded that the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) do likewise. The IASB says it does not want to act without overall planning, but the pressure to fold when it completes it reconstruction of rules later this year is strong. Charlie McCreevy, a European commissioner, warned the IASB that it did "not live in a political vacuum" but "in the real word" and that Europe could yet develop different rules.
It was banks that were on the wrong planet, with accounts that vastly overvalued assets. Today they argue that market prices overstate losses, because they largely reflect the temporary illiquidity of markets, not the likely extent of bad debts. The truth will not be known for years. But bank's shares trade below their book value, suggesting that investors are skeptical. And dead markets partly reflect the paralysis of banks which will not sell assets for fear of booking losses, yet are reluctant to buy all those supposed bargains.
To get the system working again, losses must be recognized and dealt with. America's new plan to buy up toxic assets will not work unless banks mark assets to levels which buyers find attractive. Successful markets require independent and even combative standard-setters. The FASB and IASB have been exactly that, cleaning up rules on stock options and pensions, for example, against hostility from special interests. But by giving in to critics now they are inviting pressure to make more concessions.
36. Bankers complained that they were forced to .
 follow unfavorable asset evaluation rules
 
 
collect payments from third parties
cooperate with the price managers
reevaluate some of their assets
37. According to the author, the rule changes of the FASB may result in . the diminishing role of management
the revival of the banking system
the banks’ long-term asset losses
the weakening of its independence
38. According to Paragraph 4, McCreevy objects to the IASB’s attempt to . keep away from political influences
evade the pressure from their peers
act on their own in rule-setting
take gradual measures in reform
39. The author thinks the banks were “on the wrong planet” in that they . misinterpreted market price indicators
exaggerated the real value of their assets
neglected the likely existence of bad debts
denied booking losses in their sale of assets
40. The author’s attitude towards standard-setters is one of . satisfaction
skepticism objectiveness sympathy

#2009
Research on animal intelligence always makes me wonder just how smart humans are. 大1家 the fruit-fly experiments described in Carl Zimmer's piece in the Science Times on Tuesday. Fruit flies who were taught to be smarter than the average fruit fly 大2家 to live shorter lives. This
suggests that 大3家 bulbs burn longer, that there is an 大4家 in not being too terrifically bright. Intelligence, it 大5家 out, is a high-priced option. It takes more upkeep, burns more fuel and
is slow 大6家 the starting line because it depends on learning — a gradual 大7家 — instead of instinct. Plenty of other species are able to learn, and one of the things they've apparently learned is when to 大8家 .
Is there an adaptive value to 大9家 intelligence? That's the question behind this new research. I like it. Instead of casting a wistful glance 大10家 at all the species we've left in the dust I.Q.-wise, it implicitly asks what the real 大11家 of our own intelligence might be. This is
大12家 the mind of every animal I've ever met.
Research on animal intelligence also makes me wonder what experiments animals would
大13家 on humans if they had the chance. Every cat with an owner, 大14家 , is running a small-scale study in operant conditioning. we believe that 大15家 animals ran the labs, they would test us to 大16家 the limits of our patience, our faithfulness, our memory for terrain. They would try to decide what intelligence in humans is really 大1家7 , not merely how much of it there is.   大18家 , they would hope to study a 大19家 question: Are humans actually aware of the world they live in? 大20家 the results are inconclusive.
                    
 

 1.  Suppose
2.  tended
3.  thinner
4.  tendency
5.  insists on
6.  off
7.  incredible
8.  fight
9.  invisible
10.  upward
11.  features
12.  outside
13.  deliver
14.  by chance
15.  if
16.  moderate
17.  at
18.  Above all
19.  fundamental
20.  By accident

 Consider  feared
 stabler
 advantage  sums up
 behind
 spontaneous  doubt
 Observe  happened  lighter
 inclination  turns out  over
 Imagine
 threatened  dimmer
 priority
 puts forward  along
 gradual
 think
 different
 backward  costs
 across
 apply
 for instance  lest
 reach
 with
 Otherwise  hostile
 Better still
 limited
 forward
 influences
 on
 carry
 in contrast
 unless
 overcome
 for
 After all
 comprehensive equivalent  In time  So far
 inevitable  stop
 indefinite  afterward  results  by
 perform  as usual  as
 determine  after
 However
Section II Reading Comprehension
 
 Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
 1
Habits are a funny thing. We reach for them mindlessly, setting our brains on auto-pilot and relaxing into the unconscious comfort of familiar routine. "Not choice, but habit rules the unreflecting herd," William Wordsworth said in the 19th century. In the ever-changing 21st century, even the word "habit" carries a negative connotation.
So it seems antithetical to talk about habits in the same context as creativity and innovation. But brain researchers have discovered that when we consciously develop new habits, we create parallel synaptic paths, and even entirely new brain cells, that can jump our trains of thought onto new, innovative tracks.
But don't bother trying to kill off old habits; once those ruts of procedure are worn into the hippocampus, they're there to stay. Instead, the new habits we deliberately ingrain into ourselves create parallel pathways that can bypass those old roads.
"The first thing needed for innovation is a fascination with wonder," says Dawna Markova, author of "The Open Mind" and an executive change consultant for Professional Thinking Partners. "But we are taught instead to 'decide,' just as our president calls himself 'the Decider.' " She adds, however, that "to decide is to kill off all possibilities but one. A good innovational thinker is always exploring the many other possibilities."
All of us work through problems in ways of which we're unaware, she says. Researchers in the late 1960 covered that humans are born with the capacity to approach challenges in four primary ways: analytically, procedurally, relationally (or collaboratively) and innovatively. At puberty, however, the brain shuts down half of that capacity, preserving only those modes of thought that have seemed most valuable during the first decade or so of life.
The current emphasis on standardized testing highlights analysis and procedure, meaning that few of us inherently use our innovative and collaborative modes of thought. "This breaks the major rule in the American belief system — that anyone can do anything," explains M. J. Ryan, author of the 2006 book "This Year I Will..." and Ms. Markova's business partner. "That's a lie that we have perpetuated, and it fosters commonness. Knowing what you're good at and doing even more of it creates excellence." This is where developing new habits comes in.
21. The view of Wordsworth habit is claimed by being ________.
A. casual B. familiar C. mechanical D. changeable
22. The researchers have discovered that the formation of habit can be ________ A. predicted B. regulated C. traced D. guided
23. "ruts"(in line one, paragraph 3) has closest meaning to ________
A. tracks B. series C. characteristics D. connections
 
 
24. Ms. Markova's comments suggest that the practice of standard testing ________? A, prevents new habits form being formed
B, no longer emphasizes commonness
C, maintains the inherent American thinking model
D, complies with the American belief system
25. Ryan most probably agree that
A. ideas are born of a relaxing mind
B. innovativeness could be taught
C. decisiveness derives from fantastic ideas D. curiosity activates creative minds
 2
It is a wise father that knows his own child, but today a man can boost his paternal (fatherly)
wisdom – or at least confirm that he's the kid's dad. All he needs to do is shell our $30 for paternity testing kit (PTK) at his local drugstore – and another $120 to get the results.
More than 60,000 people have purchased the PTKs since they first become available without prescriptions last years, according to Doug Fog, chief operating officer of Identigene, which makes the over-the-counter kits. More than two dozen companies sell DNA tests Directly to the public , ranging in price from a few hundred dollars to more than $2500.
Among the most popular : paternity and kinship testing , which adopted children can use to find their biological relatives and latest rage a many passionate genealogists-and supports businesses that offer to search for a family's geographic roots .
Most tests require collecting cells by webbing saliva in the mouth and sending it to the company for testing. All tests require a potential candidate with whom to compare DNA.
But some observers are skeptical, "There is a kind of false precision being hawked by people claiming they are doing ancestry testing," says Trey Duster, a New York University sociologist. He notes that each individual has many ancestors-numbering in the hundreds just a few centuries back. Yet most ancestry testing only considers a single lineage, either the Y chromosome inherited through men in a father's line or mitochondrial DNA, which a passed down only from mothers. This DNA can reveal genetic information about only one or two ancestors, even though, for example, just three generations back people also have six other great-grandparents or, four generations back, 14 other great-great-grandparents.
Critics also argue that commercial genetic testing is only as good as the reference collections to which a sample is compared. Databases used by some companies don't rely on data collected systematically but rather lump together information from different research projects. This means that a DNA database may differ depending on the company that processes the results. In addition, the computer programs a company uses to estimate relationships may be patented and not subject to peer review or outside evaluation.
 
 
26. In paragraphs 1 and 2, the text shows PTK's ___________.  easy availability
 flexibility in pricing
 successful promotion
 popularity with households
27. PTK is used to __________.
 locate one's birth place
 promote genetic research  identify parent-child kinship  choose children for adoption
28. Skeptical observers believe that ancestry testing fails to__________.  trace distant ancestors
 rebuild reliable bloodlines
 fully use genetic information
 achieve the claimed accuracy
29. In the last paragraph, a problem commercial genetic testing faces is __________.  disorganized data collection
 overlapping database building
 excessive sample comparison
 lack of patent evaluation
30. An appropriate title for the text is most likely to be__________.  Fors and Againsts of DNA testing
 DNA testing and It's problems
 DNA testing outside the lab
 lies behind DNA testing
 3
The relationship between formal education and economic growth in poor countries is widely
misunderstood by economists and politicians alike progress in both area is undoubtedly necessary for the social, political and intellectual development of these and all other societies; however, the conventional view that education should be one of the very highest priorities for promoting rapid economic development in poor countries is wrong. We are fortunate that is it, because new educational systems there and putting enough people through them to improve economic performance would require two or three generations. The findings of a research institution have
 
 
consistently shown that workers in all countries can be trained on the job to achieve radical higher productivity and, as a result, radically higher standards of living.
Ironically, the first evidence for this idea appeared in the United States. Not long ago, with the country entering a recessing and Japan at its pre-bubble peak. The U.S. workforce was derided as poorly educated and one of primary cause of the poor U.S. economic performance. Japan was, and remains, the global leader in automotive-assembly productivity. Yet the research revealed that the U.S. factories of Honda Nissan, and Toyota achieved about 95 percent of the productivity of their Japanese counterparts -- a result of the training that U.S. workers received on the job.
More recently, while examining housing construction, the researchers discovered that illiterate, non-English- speaking Mexican workers in Houston, Texas, consistently met best-practice labor productivity standards despite the complexity of the building industry's work.
What is the real relationship between education and economic development? We have to suspect that continuing economic growth promotes the development of education even when governments don't force it. After all, that's how education got started. When our ancestors were hunters and gatherers 10,000 years ago, they didn't have time to wonder much about anything besides finding food. Only when humanity began to get its food in a more productive way was there time for other things.
As education improved, humanity's productivity potential, they could in turn afford more education. This increasingly high level of education is probably a necessary, but not a sufficient, condition for the complex political systems required by advanced economic performance. Thus poor countries might not be able to escape their poverty traps without political changes that may be possible only with broader formal education. A lack of formal education, however, doesn't constrain the ability of the developing world's workforce to substantially improve productivity for the forested future. On the contrary, constraints on improving productivity explain why education isn't developing more quickly there than it is.
31. The author holds in paragraph 1 that the important of education in poor countries ___________.
  is subject groundless doubts  has fallen victim of bias
 is conventional downgraded  has been overestimated
32. It is stated in paragraph 1 that construction of a new education system  challenges economists and politicians
 takes efforts of generations
 demands priority from the government
 requires sufficient labor force
__________.
33. A major difference between the Japanese and U.S workforces is that __________.  the Japanese workforce is better disciplined

 
 the Japanese workforce is more productive  the U.S workforce has a better education  the U.S workforce is more organize
34. The author quotes the example of our ancestors to show that education emerged __________.  when people had enough time
 prior to better ways of finding food
 when people on longer went hung
 as a result of pressure on government
35. According to the last paragraph , development of education __________.  results directly from competitive environments
 does not depend on economic performance
 follows improved productivity
 cannot afford political changes
 4
The most thoroughly studied in the history of the new world are the ministers and political
leaders of seventeenth-century New England. According to the standard history of American philosophy, nowhere else in colonial America was "So much important attached to intellectual pursuits " According to many books and articles, New England's leaders established the basic themes and preoccupations of an unfolding, dominant Puritan tradition in American intellectual life.
To take this approach to the New Englanders normally mean to start with the Puritans' theological innovations and their distinctive ideas about the church-important subjects that we may not neglect. But in keeping with our examination of southern intellectual life, we may consider the original Puritans as carriers of European culture adjusting to New world circumstances. The New England colonies were the scenes of important episodes in the pursuit of widely understood ideals of civility and virtuosity.
The early settlers of Massachusetts Bay included men of impressive education and influence in England. `Besides the ninety or so learned ministers who came to Massachusetts church in the decade after 1629,There were political leaders like John Winthrop, an educated gentleman, lawyer, and official of the Crown before he journeyed to Boston. There men wrote and published extensively, reaching both New World and Old World audiences, and giving New England an atmosphere of intellectual earnestness.
We should not forget , however, that most New Englanders were less well educated. While few crafts men or farmers, let alone dependents and servants, left literary compositions to be analyzed, The in thinking often had a traditional superstitions quality. A tailor named John Dane, who emigrated in the late 1630s, left an account of his reasons for leaving England that is filled with signs. sexual confusion, economic frustrations , and religious hope-all name together in a decisive moment when he opened the Bible, told his father the first line he saw would settle his fate, and read the
 
 
magical words: "come out from among them, touch no unclean thing , and I will be your God and you shall be my people." One wonders what Dane thought of the careful sermons explaining the Bible that he heard in puritan churched.
Meanwhile, many settles had slighter religious commitments than Dane's, as one clergyman learned in confronting folk along the coast who mocked that they had not come to the New world for religion . "Our main end was to catch fish. "
36. The author notes that in the seventeenth-century New England___________.  Puritan tradition dominated political life.
 intellectual interests were encouraged.
 Politics benefited much from intellectual endeavors.
 intellectual pursuits enjoyed a liberal environment.
37. It is suggested in paragraph 2 that New Englanders__________.  experienced a comparatively peaceful early history.
 brought with them the culture of the Old World
 paid little attention to southern intellectual life
 were obsessed with religious innovations
38. The early ministers and political leaders in Massachusetts Bay__________.  were famous in the New World for their writings
 gained increasing importance in religious affairs
 abandoned high positions before coming to the New World
 created a new intellectual atmosphere in New England
39. The story of John Dane shows that less well-educated New Englanders were often __________.  influenced by superstitions
 troubled with religious beliefs
 puzzled by church sermons
 frustrated with family earnings
40. The text suggests that early settlers in New England__________.  were mostly engaged in political activities
 were motivated by an illusory prospect
 came from different backgrounds.
 left few formal records for later reference


#2008
The idea that some groups of people may be more intelligent than others is one of those hypotheses that dare not speak its name. But Gregory Cochran is 大1家 to say it anyway. He is
that 大2家 bird, a scientist who works independently 大3家 any institution. He helped popularize the idea that some diseases not 大4家 thought to have a bacterial cause were actually
infections, which aroused much controversy when it was first suggested.
大5家 he, however, might tremble at the 大6家 of what he is about to do. Together with
another two scientists, he is publishing a paper which not only 大7家 that one group of humanity is more intelligent than the others, but explains the process that has brought this about. The group in
大8家 are a particular people originated from central Europe. The process is natural selection.
This group generally do well in IQ test, 大9家 12-15 points above the 大10家 value of
100, and have contributed 大11家 to the intellectual and cultural life of the West, as the 大12家
of their elites, including several world-renowned scientists, 大13家 . They also suffer more often than most people from a number of nasty genetic diseases, such as breast cancer. These facts, 大14家 , have previously been thought unrelated. The former has been 大15家 to social effects,
such as a strong tradition of 大16家 education. The latter was seen as a (an) 大17家 of genetic isolation. Dr. Cochran suggests that the intelligence and diseases are intimately 大18家 . His argument is that the unusual history of these people has 大19家 them to unique evolutionary pressures that have resulted in this 大20家 state of affairs.
1.  selected  prepared  obliged  pleased
                    
 

 2.  unique
3.  of
4.  subsequently
5.  Only
6.  thought
7.  advises
8.  progress
9.  attaining
10.  normal
11.  unconsciously  indefinitely
12.  missions
13.  affirm
14.  moreover
15.  given up
16.  assessing
17.  development
18.  linked
19.  limited
20.  paradoxical
 Directions:
 particular  with
 presently  So
 sight  suggests  fact
 scoring  common
 fortunes  witness
 therefore  got over  supervising  origin
 integrated
 subjected
 special  in
 previously  Even
 cost
 protests
 need
 reaching
 mean
 rare
 against  lately
 Hence
 risk
 objects  question  calculating  total
 incompatible inevitable
 disproportionately  unaccountably
 interests
 observe
 however
 carried on  administering  consequence  woven
 converted
 careers  approve  meanwhile  put down  valuing  instrument  combined  directed
 continuous
Section II Reading Comprehension
 
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
 1
While still catching-up to men in some spheres of modern life, women appear to be way ahead in at least one undesirable category. “Women are particularly susceptible to developing depression and anxiety disorders in response to stress compared to men,” according to Dr. Yehuda, chief psychiatrist at New York’s Veteran’s Administration Hospital.
Studies of both animals and humans have shown that sex hormones somehow affect the stress response, causing females under stress to produce more of the trigger chemicals than do males under the same conditions. In several of the studies, when stressed-out female rats had their ovaries (the female reproductive organs) removed, their chemical responses became equal to those of the males.
Adding to a woman’s increased dose of stress chemicals, are her increased “opportunities” for stress. “It’s not necessarily that women don’t cope as well. It’s just that they have so much more to cope with,” says Dr. Yehuda. “Their capacity for tolerating stress may even be greater than men’s,” she observes, “it’s just that they’re dealing with so many more things that they become worn out from it more visibly and sooner.”
Dr. Yehuda notes another difference between the sexes. “I think that the kinds of things that women are exposed to tend to be in more of a chronic or repeated nature. Men go to war and are exposed to combat stress. Men are exposed to more acts of random physical violence. The kinds of interpersonal violence that women are exposed to tend to be in domestic situations, by, unfortunately, parents or other family members, and they tend not to be one-shot deals. The wear-and-tear that comes from these longer relationships can be quite devastating.”
Adeline Alvarez married at 18 and gave birth to a son, but was determined to finish college. “I struggled a lot to get the college degree. I was living in so much frustration that that was my escape, to go to school, and get ahead and do better.” Later, her marriage ended and she became a single mother. “It’s the hardest thing to take care of a teenager, have a job, pay the rent, pay the car payment, and pay the debt. I lived from paycheck to paycheck.”
Not everyone experiences the kinds of severe chronic stresses Alvarez describes. But most women today are coping with a lot of obligations, with few breaks, and feeling the strain. Alvarez’s experience demonstrates the importance of finding ways to diffuse stress before it threatens your health and your ability to function.
21. Which of the following is true according to the first two paragraphs?  Women are biologically more vulnerable to stress.
 Women are still suffering much stress caused by men.
 Women are more experienced than men in coping with stress.
 Men and women show different inclinations when faced with stress.
22. Dr. Yehuda’s research suggests that women
 need extra doses of chemicals to handle stress.
 
 
 have limited capacity for tolerating stress.  are more capable of avoiding stress.
 are exposed to more stress.
23. According to Paragraph 4, the stress women confront tends to be  domestic and temporary.
 irregular and violent.
 durable and frequent.
 trivial and random.
24. The sentence “I lived from paycheck to paycheck.” (Line 6, Para. 5) shows that  Alvarez cared about nothing but making money.
 Alvarez’s salary barely covered her household expenses.
 Alvarez got paychecks from different jobs.
 Alvarez paid practically everything by check.
25. Which of the following would be the best title for the text?  Strain of Stress: No Way Out?
 Responses to Stress: Gender Difference
 Stress Analysis: What Chemicals Say
 Gender Inequality: Women Under Stress
 2
It used to be so straightforward. A team of researchers working together in the laboratory would
submit the results of their research to a journal. A journal editor would then remove the authors’ names and affiliations from the paper and send it to their peers for review. Depending on the comments received, the editor would accept the paper for publication or decline it. Copyright rested with the journal publisher, and researchers seeking knowledge of the results would have to subscribe to the journal.
No longer. The Internet – and pressure from funding agencies, who are questioning why commercial publishers are making money from government-funded research by restricting access to it – is making access to scientific results a reality. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has just issued a report describing the far-reaching consequences of this. The report, by John Houghton of Victoria University in Australia and Graham Vickery of the OECD, makes heavy reading for publishers who have, so far, made handsome profits. But it goes further than that. It signals a change in what has, until now, been a key element of scientific endeavor.
The value of knowledge and the return on the public investment in research depends, in part, upon wide distribution and ready access. It is big business. In America, the core scientific publishing market is estimated at between $7 billion and $11 billion. The International Association of Scientific,
 
 
Technical and Medical Publishers says that there are more than 2,000 publishers worldwide specializing in these subjects. They publish more than 1.2 million articles each year in some 16,000 journals.
This is now changing. According to the OECD report, some 75% of scholarly journals are now online. Entirely new business models are emerging; three main ones were identified by the report’s authors. There is the so-called big deal, where institutional subscribers pay for access to a collection of online journal titles through site-licensing agreements. There is open-access publishing, typically supported by asking the author (or his employer) to pay for the paper to be published. Finally, there are open-access archives, where organizations such as universities or international laboratories support institutional repositories. Other models exist that are hybrids of these three, such as delayed open-access, where journals allow only subscribers to read a paper for the first six months, before making it freely available to everyone who wishes to see it. All this could change the traditional form of the peer-review process, at least for the publication of papers.
26. In the first paragraph, the author discusses
 the background information of journal editing.  the publication routine of laboratory reports.  the relations of authors with journal publishers.  the traditional process of journal publication.
27. Which of the following is true of the OECD report?  It criticizes government-funded research.
 It introduces an effective means of publication.  It upsets profit-making journal publishers.
 It benefits scientific research considerably.
28. According to the text, online publication is significant in that  it provides an easier access to scientific results.
 it brings huge profits to scientific researchers.
 it emphasizes the crucial role of scientific knowledge.  it facilitates public investment in scientific research.
29. With the open-access publishing model, the author of a paper is required to  cover the cost of its publication.
 subscribe to the journal publishing it.
 allow other online journals to use it freely.
 complete the peer-review before submission.
30. Which of the following best summarizes the text?
 
 
 The Internet is posing a threat to publishers.
 A new mode of publication is emerging.
 Authors welcome the new channel for publication.  Publication is rendered easier by online service.
 3
In the early 1960s Wilt Chamberlain was one of only three players in the National Basketball Association (NBA) listed at over seven feet. If he had played last season, however, he would have been one of 42. The bodies playing major professional sports have changed dramatically over the years, and managers have been more than willing to adjust team uniforms to fit the growing numbers of bigger, longer frames.
The trend in sports, though, may be obscuring an unrecognized reality: Americans have generally stopped growing. Though typically about two inches taller now than 140 years ago, today’s people – especially those born to families who have lived in the U.S. for many generations – apparently reached their limit in the early 1960s. And they aren’t likely to get any taller. “In the general population today, at this genetic, environmental level, we’ve pretty much gone as far as we can go,” says anthropologist William Cameron Chumlea of Wright State University. In the case of NBA players, their increase in height appears to result from the increasingly common practice of recruiting players from all over the world.
Growth, which rarely continues beyond the age of 20, demands calories and nutrients – notably, protein – to feed expanding tissues. At the start of the 20th century, under-nutrition and childhood infections got in the way. But as diet and health improved, children and adolescents have, on average, increased in height by about an inch and a half every 20 years, a pattern known as the secular trend in height. Yet according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, average height – 5′9′′ for men, 5′4′′ for women – hasn’t really changed since 1960.
Genetically speaking, there are advantages to avoiding substantial height. During childbirth, larger babies have more difficulty passing through the birth canal. Moreover, even though humans have been upright for millions of years, our feet and back continue to struggle with bipedal posture and cannot easily withstand repeated strain imposed by oversize limbs. “There are some real constraints that are set by the genetic architecture of the individual organism,” says anthropologist William Leonard of Northwestern University.
Genetic maximums can change, but don’t expect this to happen soon. Claire C. Gordon, senior anthropologist at the Army Research Center in Natick, Mass., ensures that 90 percent of the uniforms and workstations fit recruits without alteration. She says that, unlike those for basketball, the length of military uniforms has not changed for some time. And if you need to predict human height in the near future to design a piece of equipment, Gordon says that by and large, “you could use today’s data and feel fairly confident.”
31. Wilt Chamberlain is cited as an example to
 illustrate the change of height of NBA players.  show the popularity of NBA players in the U.S..
 
 
 compare different generations of NBA players.  assess the achievements of famous NBA players.
32. Which of the following plays a key role in body growth according to the text?  Genetic modification.
 Natural environment.
 Living standards.
 Daily exercise.
33. On which of the following statements would the author most probably agree?  Non-Americans add to the average height of the nation.
 Human height is conditioned by the upright posture.
 Americans are the tallest on average in the world.
 Larger babies tend to become taller in adulthood.
34. We learn from the last paragraph that in the near future
 the garment industry will reconsider the uniform size.  the design of military uniforms will remain unchanged.  genetic testing will be employed in selecting sportsmen.  the existing data of human height will still be applicable.
35. The text intends to tell us that
 the change of human height follows a cyclic pattern.  human height is becoming even more predictable.  Americans have reached their genetic growth limit.  the genetic pattern of Americans has altered.
 4
In 1784, five years before he became president of the United States, George Washington, 52,
was nearly toothless. So he hired a dentist to transplant nine teeth into his jaw – having extracted them from the mouths of his slaves.
That’s a far different image from the cherry-tree-chopping George most people remember from their history books. But recently, many historians have begun to focus on the roles slavery played in the lives of the founding generation. They have been spurred in part by DNA evidence made available in 1998, which almost certainly proved Thomas Jefferson had fathered at least one child with his slave Sally Hemings. And only over the past 30 years have scholars examined history from the bottom up. Works of several historians reveal the moral compromises made by the nation’s early leaders and the fragile nature of the country’s infancy. More significantly, they argue that many of the Founding Fathers knew slavery was wrong – and yet most did little to fight it.
 
 
More than anything, the historians say, the founders were hampered by the culture of their time. While Washington and Jefferson privately expressed distaste for slavery, they also understood that it was part of the political and economic bedrock of the country they helped to create.
For one thing, the South could not afford to part with its slaves. Owning slaves was “like having a large bank account,” says Wiencek, author of An Imperfect God: George Washington, His Slaves, and the Creation of America. The southern states would not have signed the Constitution without protections for the “peculiar institution,” including a clause that counted a slave as three fifths of a man for purposes of congressional representation.
And the statesmen’s political lives depended on slavery. The three-fifths formula handed Jefferson his narrow victory in the presidential election of 1800 by inflating the votes of the southern states in the Electoral College. Once in office, Jefferson extended slavery with the Louisiana Purchase in 1803; the new land was carved into 13 states, including three slave states.
Still, Jefferson freed Hemings’s children – though not Hemings herself or his approximately 150 other slaves. Washington, who had begun to believe that all men were created equal after observing the bravery of the black soldiers during the Revolutionary War, overcame the strong opposition of his relatives to grant his slaves their freedom in his will. Only a decade earlier, such an act would have required legislative approval in Virginia.
36. George Washington’s dental surgery is mentioned to  show the primitive medical practice in the past.  demonstrate the cruelty of slavery in his days.  stress the role of slaves in the U.S. history.
 reveal some unknown aspect of his life.
37. We may infer from the second paragraph that
 DNA technology has been widely applied to history research.
 in its early days the U.S. was confronted with delicate situations.  historians deliberately made up some stories of Jefferson’s life.
 political compromises are easily found throughout the U.S. history.
38. What do we learn about Thomas Jefferson?
 His political view changed his attitude towards slavery.  His status as a father made him free the child slaves.  His attitude towards slavery was complex.
 His affair with a slave stained his prestige.
39. Which of the following is true according to the text?
 Some Founding Fathers benefit politically from slavery.  Slaves in the old days did not have the right to vote.
 
 
 Slave owners usually had large savings accounts.  Slavery was regarded as a peculiar institution.
40. Washington’s decision to free slaves originated from his  moral considerations.
 military experience.
 financial conditions.
 political stand.


#2007
By 1830 the former Spanish and Portuguese colonies had become independent nations. The roughly 20 million 大1家 of these nations looked 大2家 to the future. Born in the crisis of the
old regime and Iberian Colonialism, many of the leaders of independence 大3家 the ideals of
representative government, careers 大4家 to talent, freedom of commerce and trade, the 大5家
to private property, and a belief in the individual as the basis of society. 大6家 there was a belief that the new nations should be sovereign and independent states, large enough to be economically viable and integrated by a 大7家 set of laws.
On the issue of 大8家 of religion and the position of the church, 大9家 , there was less agreement 大10家 the leadership. Roman Catholicism had been the state religion and the only one
大11家 by the Spanish crown. 大12家 most leaders sought to maintain Catholicism 大13家
the official religion of the new states, some sought to end the 大14家 of other faiths. The defense
of the Church became a rallying 大15家 for the conservative forces.
The ideals of the early leaders of independence were often egalitarian, valuing equality of
everything. Bolivar had received aid from Haiti and had 大16家 in return to abolish slavery in the
areas he liberated. By 1854 slavery had been abolished everywhere except Spain’s 大17家 colonies. Early promises to end Indian tribute and taxes on people of mixed origin came much 大18家 because the new nations still needed the revenue such policies 大19家 . Egalitarian
sentiments were often tempered by fears that the mass of the population was 大20家 self-rule and democracy.
1.  natives  inhabitants  peoples  individuals
                    
 6.  Presumably  Incidentally
7.  unique
8.  freedom
9.  therefore
10.  with
11.  allowed
12.  Since
13.  as
14.  spread
15.  support
16.  urged
17.  controlling
18.  slower
19.  created
20.  puzzled by
 Directions:
 common  origin  however  about  preached  If
 for
 interference
 cry
 intended
 former
 faster
 produced
 hostile to
Section II
 contributed
 pessimistic about  unprepared for

 2.  confusedly
3.  shared
4.  related
5.  access
 cheerfully  forgot
 close
 succession
 worriedly  attained  open
 right
 Obviously  particular  impact  indeed  among  granted  Unless  under
 exclusion  plea
 expected  remaining  easier
 hopefully  rejected  devoted  return  Generally  typical  reform  moreover  by
 funded  While  against  influence  wish
 promised  original  tougher  preferred
Reading Comprehension
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing , , , or

 
. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)  1
If you were to examine the birth certificates of every soccer player in 2006’s World Cup tournament, you would most likely find a noteworthy quirk: elite soccer players are more likely to have been born in the earlier months of the year than in the later months. If you then examined the European national youth teams that feed the World Cup and professional ranks, you would find this strange phenomenon to be even more pronounced.
What might account for this strange phenomenon? Here are a few guesses: a) certain astrological signs confer superior soccer skills; b) winter-born babies tend to have higher oxygen capacity, which increases soccer stamina; c) soccer-mad parents are more likely to conceive children in springtime, at the annual peak of soccer mania; d) none of the above.
Anders Ericsson, a 58-year-old psychology professor at Florida State University, says he believes strongly in “none of the above.” Ericsson grew up in Sweden, and studied nuclear engineering until he realized he would have more opportunity to conduct his own research if he switched to psychology. His first experiment, nearly 30 years ago, involved memory: training a person to hear and then repeat a random series of numbers. “With the first subject, after about 20 hours of training, his digit span had risen from 7 to 20,” Ericsson recalls. “He kept improving, and after about 200 hours of training he had risen to over 80 numbers.”
This success, coupled with later research showing that memory itself is not genetically determined, led Ericsson to conclude that the act of memorizing is more of a cognitive exercise than an intuitive one. In other words, whatever inborn differences two people may exhibit in their abilities to memorize, those differences are swamped by how well each person “encodes” the information. And the best way to learn how to encode information meaningfully, Ericsson determined, was a process known as deliberate practice. Deliberate practice entails more than simply repeating a task. Rather, it involves setting specific goals, obtaining immediate feedback and concentrating as much on technique as on outcome.
Ericsson and his colleagues have thus taken to studying expert performers in a wide range of pursuits, including soccer. They gather all the data they can, not just performance statistics and biographical details but also the results of their own laboratory experiments with high achievers. Their work makes a rather startling assertion: the trait we commonly call talent is highly overrated. Or, put another way, expert performers – whether in memory or surgery, ballet or computer programming – are nearly always made, not born.
21. The birthday phenomenon found among soccer players is mentioned to  stress the importance of professional training.
 spotlight the soccer superstars in the World Cup.
 introduce the topic of what makes expert performance.
 explain why some soccer teams play better than others.
22. The word “mania” (Line 4, Paragraph 2) most probably means
  
 
 fun.
 craze.
 hysteria.  excitement.
23. According to Ericsson, good memory
 depends on meaningful processing of information.
 results from intuitive rather than cognitive exercises.
 is determined by genetic rather than psychological factors.
 requires immediate feedback and a high degree of concentration.
24. Ericsson and his colleagues believe that
 talent is a dominating factor for professional success.
 biographical data provide the key to excellent performance.  the role of talent tends to be overlooked.
 high achievers owe their success mostly to nurture.
25. Which of the following proverbs is closest to the message the text tries to convey?  “Faith will move mountains.”
 “One reaps what one sows.”
 “Practice makes perfect.”
 “Like father, like son.”
 2
For the past several years, the Sunday newspaper supplement Parade has featured a column
called “Ask Marilyn.” People are invited to query Marilyn vos Savant, who at age 10 had tested at a mental level of someone about 23 years old; that gave her an IQ of 228 – the highest score ever recorded. IQ tests ask you to complete verbal and visual analogies, to envision paper after it has been folded and cut, and to deduce numerical sequences, among other similar tasks. So it is a bit confusing when vos Savant fields such queries from the average Joe (whose IQ is 100) as, What’s the difference between love and fondness? Or what is the nature of luck and coincidence? It’s not obvious how the capacity to visualize objects and to figure out numerical patterns suits one to answer questions that have eluded some of the best poets and philosophers.
Clearly, intelligence encompasses more than a score on a test. Just what does it mean to be smart? How much of intelligence can be specified, and how much can we learn about it from neurology, genetics, computer science and other fields?
The defining term of intelligence in humans still seems to be the IQ score, even though IQ tests are not given as often as they used to be. The test comes primarily in two forms: the Stanford-Binet Intelligence Scale and the Wechsler Intelligence Scales (both come in adult and children’s version).
 
 
Generally costing several hundred dollars, they are usually given only by psychologists, although variations of them populate bookstores and the World Wide Web. Superhigh scores like vos Savant’s are no longer possible, because scoring is now based on a statistical population distribution among age peers, rather than simply dividing the mental age by the chronological age and multiplying by 100. Other standardized tests, such as the Scholastic Assessment Test (SAT) and the Graduate Record Exam (GRE), capture the main aspects of IQ tests.
Such standardized tests may not assess all the important elements necessary to succeed in school and in life, argues Robert J. Sternberg. In his article “How Intelligent Is Intelligence Testing?”, Sternberg notes that traditional test best assess analytical and verbal skills but fail to measure creativity and practical knowledge, components also critical to problem solving and life success. Moreover, IQ tests do not necessarily predict so well once populations or situations change. Research has found that IQ predicted leadership skills when the tests were given under low-stress conditions, but under high-stress conditions, IQ was negatively correlated with leadership – that is, it predicted the opposite. Anyone who has toiled through SAT will testify that test-taking skill also matters, whether it’s knowing when to guess or what questions to skip.
26. Which of the following may be required in an intelligence test?  Answering philosophical questions.
 Folding or cutting paper into different shapes.
 Telling the differences between certain concepts.
 Choosing words or graphs similar to the given ones.
27. What can be inferred about intelligence testing from Paragraph 3?
 People no longer use IQ scores as an indicator of intelligence.
 More versions of IQ tests are now available on the Internet.
 The test contents and formats for adults and children may be different.  Scientists have defined the important elements of human intelligence.
28. People nowadays can no longer achieve IQ scores as high as vos Savant’s because  the scores are obtained through different computational procedures.
 creativity rather than analytical skills is emphasized now.
 vos Savant’s case is an extreme one that will not repeat.
 the defining characteristic of IQ tests has changed.
29. We can conclude from the last paragraph that
 test scores may not be reliable indicators of one’s ability.  IQ scores and SAT results are highly correlated.
 testing involves a lot of guesswork.
 traditional test are out of date.
 
 
30. What is the author’s attitude towards IQ tests?  Supportive.
 Skeptical.  Impartial.  Biased.
 3
During the past generation, the American middle-class family that once could count on hard work and fair play to keep itself financially secure had been transformed by economic risk and new realities. Now a pink slip, a bad diagnosis, or a disappearing spouse can reduce a family from solidly middle class to newly poor in a few months.
In just one generation, millions of mothers have gone to work, transforming basic family economics. Scholars, policymakers, and critics of all stripes have debated the social implications of these changes, but few have looked at the side effect: family risk has risen as well. Today’s families have budgeted to the limits of their new two-paycheck status. As a result, they have lost the parachute they once had in times of financial setback – a back-up earner (usually Mom) who could go into the workforce if the primary earner got laid off or fell sick. This “added-worker effect” could support the safety net offered by unemployment insurance or disability insurance to help families weather bad times. But today, a disruption to family fortunes can no longer be made up with extra income from an otherwise-stay-at-home partner.
During the same period, families have been asked to absorb much more risk in their retirement income. Steelworkers, airline employees, and now those in the auto industry are joining millions of families who must worry about interest rates, stock market fluctuation, and the harsh reality that they may outlive their retirement money. For much of the past year, President Bush campaigned to move Social Security to a saving-account model, with retirees trading much or all of their guaranteed payments for payments depending on investment returns. For younger families, the picture is not any better. Both the absolute cost of healthcare and the share of it borne by families have risen – and newly fashionable health-savings plans are spreading from legislative halls to Wal-Mart workers, with much higher deductibles and a large new dose of investment risk for families’ future healthcare. Even demographics are working against the middle class family, as the odds of having a weak elderly parent – and all the attendant need for physical and financial assistance – have jumped eightfold in just one generation.
From the middle-class family perspective, much of this, understandably, looks far less like an opportunity to exercise more financial responsibility, and a good deal more like a frightening acceleration of the wholesale shift of financial risk onto their already overburdened shoulders. The financial fallout has begun, and the political fallout may not be far behind.
31. Today’s double-income families are at greater financial risk in that  the safety net they used to enjoy has disappeared.
 their chances of being laid off have greatly increased.
 they are more vulnerable to changes in family economics.
 
 
 they are deprived of unemployment or disability insurance.
32. As a result of President Bush’s reform, retired people may have  a higher sense of security.
 less secured payments.
 less chance to invest.
 a guaranteed future.
33. According to the author, health-savings plans will  help reduce the cost of healthcare.
 popularize among the middle class.
 compensate for the reduced pensions.
 increase the families’ investment risk.
34. It can be inferred from the last paragraph that
 financial risks tend to outweigh political risks.
 the middle class may face greater political challenges.  financial problems may bring about political problems.  financial responsibility is an indicator of political status.
35. Which of the following is the best title for this text?  The Middle Class on the Alert
 The Middle Class on the Cliff
 The Middle Class in Conflict
 The Middle Class in Ruins
 4
It never rains but it pours. Just as bosses and boards have finally sorted out their worst
accounting and compliance troubles, and improved their feeble corporation governance, a new problem threatens to earn them – especially in America – the sort of nasty headlines that inevitably lead to heads rolling in the executive suite: data insecurity. Left, until now, to odd, low-level IT staff to put right, and seen as a concern only of data-rich industries such as banking, telecoms and air travel, information protection is now high on the boss’s agenda in businesses of every variety.
Several massive leakages of customer and employee data this year – from organizations as diverse as Time Warner, the American defense contractor Science Applications International Corp and even the University of California, Berkeley – have left managers hurriedly peering into their intricate IT systems and business processes in search of potential vulnerabilities.
“Data is becoming an asset which needs to be guarded as much as any other asset,” says Haim Mendelson of Stanford University’s business school. “The ability to guard customer data is the key
 
 
to market value, which the board is responsible for on behalf of shareholders.” Indeed, just as there is the concept of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), perhaps it is time for GASP, Generally Accepted Security Practices, suggested Eli Noam of New York’s Columbia Business School. “Setting the proper investment level for security, redundancy, and recovery is a management issue, not a technical one,” he says.
The mystery is that this should come as a surprise to any boss. Surely it should be obvious to the dimmest executive that trust, that most valuable of economic assets, is easily destroyed and hugely expensive to restore – and that few things are more likely to destroy trust than a company letting sensitive personal data get into the wrong hands.
The current state of affairs may have been encouraged – though not justified – by the lack of legal penalty (in America, but not Europe) for data leakage. Until California recently passed a law, American firms did not have to tell anyone, even the victim, when data went astray. That may change fast: lots of proposed data-security legislation is now doing the rounds in Washington, D.C. Meanwhile, the theft of information about some 40 million credit-card accounts in America, disclosed on June 17th, overshadowed a hugely important decision a day earlier by America’s Federal Trade Commission (FTC) that puts corporate America on notice that regulators will act if firms fail to provide adequate data security.
36. The statement “It never rains but it pours” is used to introduce  the fierce business competition.
 the feeble boss-board relations.
 the threat from news reports.
 the severity of data leakage.
37. According to Paragraph 2, some organizations check their systems to find out  whether there is any weak point.
 what sort of data has been stolen.
 who is responsible for the leakage.
 how the potential spies can be located.
38. In bringing up the concept of GASP the author is making the point that  shareholders’ interests should be properly attended to.
 information protection should be given due attention.
 businesses should enhance their level of accounting security.
 the market value of customer data should be emphasized.
39. According to Paragraph 4, what puzzles the author is that some bosses fail to  see the link between trust and data protection.
 perceive the sensitivity of personal data.
 realize the high cost of data restoration.
 
 
 appreciate the economic value of trust.
40. It can be inferred from Paragraph 5 that
 data leakage is more severe in Europe.
 FTC’s decision is essential to data security.
 California takes the lead in security legislation.  legal penalty is a major solution to data leakage.


#2006
The homeless make up a growing percentage of America’s population. 大1家 homelessness has reached such proportions that local governments can’t possibly 大2家 . To help homeless
people 大3家 independence, the federal government must support job training programs, 大4家 the minimum wage, and fund more low-cost housing.
大5家 everyone agrees on the number of Americans who are homeless. Estimates 大6家 anywhere from 600,000 to 3 million. 大7家 the figure may vary, analysts do agree on another
matter: that the number of the homeless is 大8家 . One of the federal government’s studies 大9家 that the number of the homeless will reach nearly 19 million by the end of this decade.
Finding ways to 大10家 this growing homeless population has become increasingly difficult.
大11家 when homeless individuals manage to find a 大12家 that will give them three meals a
day and a place to sleep at night, a good number still spend the bulk of each day 大13家 the street. Part of the problem is that many homeless adults are addicted to alcohol or drugs. And a significant number of the homeless have serious mental disorders. Many others, 大14家 not addicted or
mentally ill, simply lack the everyday 大15家 skills needed to turn their lives 大16家 . Boston
Globe reporter Chris Reidy notes that the situation will improve only when there are 大17家
programs that address the many needs of the homeless. 大18家 Edward Zlotkowski, director of
community service at Bentley College in Massachusetts, 大19家 it, “There has to be 大20家 of programs. What’s needed is a package deal.”
1.  Indeed  Likewise  Therefore  Furthermore
                    
 

 2.  stand
3.  in
4.  raise
5.  generally
6.  cover
7.  Now that
8.  inflating
9.  predicts
10.  assist
11.  Hence[
12.  lodging
13.  searching
14.  when
15.  life
16.  around
17.  complex
18.  So
19.  puts
20.  supervision

 cope
 for
 add
 almost  change  Although  expanding  displays  track
B] But
 shelter
 strolling
 once
 existence
 over
 comprehensive  complementary  compensating
 Since[ C] As
 interprets  assumes  manipulation  regulation
 Thus
 makes
 coordination
 approve  with
 take
 hardly  range
 Provided  increasing  proves  sustain  Even
 retain
 toward
 keep
 not
 differ
 Except that  extending  discovers  dismiss  Only
 dwelling  crowding  while  survival  on
 house
 wandering  whereas
 maintenance  up
Section II Reading Comprehension
 
 Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing , , , or . Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
 1
In spite of “endless talk of difference,” American society is an amazing machine for homogenizing people. There is “the democratizing uniformity of dress and discourse, and the casualness and absence of deference” characteristic of popular culture. People are absorbed into “a culture of consumption” launched by the 19th-century department stores that offered “vast arrays of goods in an elegant atmosphere. Instead of intimate shops catering to a knowledgeable elite,” these were stores “anyone could enter, regardless of class or background. This turned shopping into a public and democratic act.” The mass media, advertising and sports are other forces for homogenization.
Immigrants are quickly fitting into this common culture, which may not be altogether elevating but is hardly poisonous. Writing for the National Immigration Forum, Gregory Rodriguez reports that today’s immigration is neither at unprecedented levels nor resistant to assimilation. In 1998 immigrants were 9.8 percent of population; in 1900, 13.6 percent. In the 10 years prior to 1990, 3.1 immigrants arrived for every 1,000 residents; in the 10 years prior to 1890, 9.2 for every 1,000. Now, consider three indices of assimilation -- language, home ownership and intermarriage.
The 1990 Census revealed that “a majority of immigrants from each of the fifteen most common countries of origin spoke English ‘well’ or ‘very well’ after ten years of residence.” The children of immigrants tend to be bilingual and proficient in English. “By the third generation, the original language is lost in the majority of immigrant families.” Hence the description of America as a “graveyard” for languages. By 1996 foreign-born immigrants who had arrived before 1970 had a home ownership rate of 75.6 percent, higher than the 69.8 percent rate among native-born Americans.
Foreign-born Asians and Hispanics “have higher rates of intermarriage than do U.S.-born whites and blacks.” By the third generation, one third of Hispanic women are married to non-Hispanics, and 41 percent of Asian-American women are married to non-Asians.
Rodriguez notes that children in remote villages around the world are fans of superstars like Arnold Schwarzenegger and Garth Brooks, yet “some Americans fear that immigrants living within the United States remain somehow immune to the nation’s assimilative power.”
Are there divisive issues and pockets of seething anger in America? Indeed. It is big enough to have a bit of everything. But particularly when viewed against America’s turbulent past, today’s social indices hardly suggest a dark and deteriorating social environment.
21. The word “homogenizing” (Line 2, Paragraph 1) most probably means ________.  identifying
 associating  assimilating  monopolizing
 
 
22. According to the author, the department stores of the 19th century ________.  played a role in the spread of popular culture
 became intimate shops for common consumers
 satisfied the needs of a knowledgeable elite
 owed its emergence to the culture of consumption
23. The text suggests that immigrants now in the U.S. ________.  are resistant to homogenization
 exert a great influence on American culture
 are hardly a threat to the common culture
 constitute the majority of the population
24. Why are Arnold Schwarzenegger and Garth Brooks mentioned in Paragraph 5?  To prove their popularity around the world.
 To reveal the public’s fear of immigrants.
 To give examples of successful immigrants.
 To show the powerful influence of American culture.
25. In the author’s opinion, the absorption of immigrants into American society is ________.  rewarding
 successful  fruitless  harmful
 2
Stratford-on-Avon, as we all know, has only one industry -- William Shakespeare -- but there
are two distinctly separate and increasingly hostile branches. There is the Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC), which presents superb productions of the plays at the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre on the Avon. And there are the townsfolk who largely live off the tourists who come, not to see the plays, but to look at Anne Hathaway’s Cottage, Shakespeare’s birthplace and the other sights.
The worthy residents of Stratford doubt that the theatre adds a penny to their revenue. They frankly dislike the RSC’s actors, them with their long hair and beards and sandals and noisiness. It’s all deliciously ironic when you consider that Shakespeare, who earns their living, was himself an actor (with a beard) and did his share of noise-making.
The tourist streams are not entirely separate. The sightseers who come by bus -- and often take in Warwick Castle and Blenheim Palace on the side -- don’t usually see the plays, and some of them are even surprised to find a theatre in Stratford. However, the playgoers do manage a little sight-seeing along with their playgoing. It is the playgoers, the RSC contends, who bring in much of the town’s revenue because they spend the night (some of them four or five nights) pouring cash into
 
 
the hotels and restaurants. The sightseers can take in everything and get out of town by nightfall.
The townsfolk don’t see it this way and local council does not contribute directly to the subsidy of the Royal Shakespeare Company. Stratford cries poor traditionally. Nevertheless every hotel in town seems to be adding a new wing or cocktail lounge. Hilton is building its own hotel there, which you may be sure will be decorated with Hamlet Hamburger Bars, the Lear Lounge, the Banquo Banqueting Room, and so forth, and will be very expensive.
Anyway, the townsfolk can’t understand why the Royal Shakespeare Company needs a subsidy. (The theatre has broken attendance records for three years in a row. Last year its 1,431 seats were 94 percent occupied all year long and this year they’ll do better.) The reason, of course, is that costs have rocketed and ticket prices have stayed low.
It would be a shame to raise prices too much because it would drive away the young people who are Stratford’s most attractive clientele. They come entirely for the plays, not the sights. They all seem to look alike (though they come from all over) -- lean, pointed, dedicated faces, wearing jeans and sandals, eating their buns and bedding down for the night on the flagstones outside the theatre to buy the 20 seats and 80 standing-room tickets held for the sleepers and sold to them when the box office opens at 10:30 a.m.
26. From the first two paragraphs, we learn that ________.
 the townsfolk deny the RSC’s contribution to the town’s revenue  the actors of the RSC imitate Shakespeare on and off stage
 the two branches of the RSC are not on good terms
 the townsfolk earn little from tourism
27. It can be inferred from Paragraph 3 that ________.
 the sightseers cannot visit the Castle and the Palace separately  the playgoers spend more money than the sightseers
 the sightseers do more shopping than the playgoers
 the playgoers go to no other places in town than the theater
28. By saying “Stratford cries poor traditionally” (Line 2-3, Paragraph 4), the author implies that ________.
 Stratford cannot afford the expansion projects  Stratford has long been in financial difficulties  the town is not really short of money
 the townsfolk used to be poorly paid
29. According to the townsfolk, the RSC deserves no subsidy because ________.  ticket prices can be raised to cover the spending
 the company is financially ill-managed
 
 
 the behavior of the actors is not socially acceptable  the theatre attendance is on the rise
30. From the text we can conclude that the author ________.  is supportive of both sides
 favors the townsfolk’s view
 takes a detached attitude
 is sympathetic to the RSC
 3
When prehistoric man arrived in new parts of the world, something strange happened to the large animals. They suddenly became extinct. Smaller species survived. The large, slow-growing animals were easy game, and were quickly hunted to extinction. Now something similar could be happening in the oceans.
That the seas are being overfished has been known for years. What researchers such as Ransom Myers and Boris Worm have shown is just how fast things are changing. They have looked at half a century of data from fisheries around the world. Their methods do not attempt to estimate the actual biomass (the amount of living biological matter) of fish species in particular parts of the ocean, but rather changes in that biomass over time. According to their latest paper published in Nature, the biomass of large predators (animals that kill and eat other animals) in a new fishery is reduced on average by 80% within 15 years of the start of exploitation. In some long-fished areas, it has halved again since then.
Dr. Worm acknowledges that these figures are conservative. One reason for this is that fishing technology has improved. Today’s vessels can find their prey using satellites and sonar, which were not available 50 years ago. That means a higher proportion of what is in the sea is being caught, so the real difference between present and past is likely to be worse than the one recorded by changes in catch sizes. In the early days, too, longlines would have been more saturated with fish. Some individuals would therefore not have been caught, since no baited hooks would have been available to trap them, leading to an underestimate of fish stocks in the past. Furthermore, in the early days of longline fishing, a lot of fish were lost to sharks after they had been hooked. That is no longer a problem, because there are fewer sharks around now.
Dr. Myers and Dr. Worm argue that their work gives a correct baseline, which future management efforts must take into account. They believe the data support an idea current among marine biologists, that of the “shifting baseline.” The notion is that people have failed to detect the massive changes which have happened in the ocean because they have been looking back only a relatively short time into the past. That matters because theory suggests that the maximum sustainable yield that can be cropped from a fishery comes when the biomass of a target species is about 50% of its original levels. Most fisheries are well below that, which is a bad way to do business.
31. The extinction of large prehistoric animals is noted to suggest that ________.
 
 
 large animal were vulnerable to the changing environment  small species survived as large animals disappeared
 large sea animals may face the same threat today
 slow-growing fish outlive fast-growing ones
32. We can infer from Dr. Myers and Dr. Worm’s paper that ________.
 the stock of large predators in some old fisheries has reduced by 90%
 there are only half as many fisheries as there were 15 years ago
 the catch sizes in new fisheries are only 20% of the original amount
 the number of larger predators dropped faster in new fisheries than in the old
33. By saying "these figures are conservative" (Line 1, paragraph 3), Dr. Worm means that ________.
 fishing technology has improved rapidly
 the catch-sizes are actually smaller than recorded  the marine biomass has suffered a greater loss  the data collected so far are out of date
34. Dr. Myers and other researchers hold that ________.
 people should look for a baseline that can work for a longer time  fisheries should keep their yields below 50% of the biomass
 the ocean biomass should be restored to its original level
 people should adjust the fishing baseline to the changing situation
35. The author seems to be mainly concerned with most fisheries’ ________.  management efficiency
 biomass level
 catch-size limits
 technological application
 4
Many things make people think artists are weird. But the weirdest may be this: artists’ only job is to explore emotions, and yet they choose to focus on the ones that feel bad.
This wasn’t always so. The earliest forms of art, like painting and music, are those best suited for expressing joy. But somewhere from the 19th century onward, more artists began seeing happiness as meaningless, phony or, worst of all, boring, as we went from Wordsworth’s daffodils to Baudelaire’s flowers of evil.
You could argue that art became more skeptical of happiness because modern times have seen
 
 
so much misery. But it’s not as if earlier times didn’t know perpetual war, disaster and the massacre of innocents. The reason, in fact, may be just the opposite: there is too much damn happiness in the world today.
After all, what is the one modern form of expression almost completely dedicated to depicting happiness? Advertising. The rise of anti-happy art almost exactly tracks the emergence of mass media, and with it, a commercial culture in which happiness is not just an ideal but an ideology.
People in earlier eras were surrounded by reminders of misery. They worked until exhausted, lived with few protections and died young. In the West, before mass communication and literacy, the most powerful mass medium was the church, which reminded worshippers that their souls were in danger and that they would someday be meat for worms. Given all this, they did not exactly need their art to be a bummer too.
Today the messages the average Westerner is surrounded with are not religious but commercial, and forever happy. Fast-food eaters, news anchors, text messengers, all smiling, smiling, smiling. Our magazines feature beaming celebrities and happy families in perfect homes. And since these messages have an agenda -- to lure us to open our wallets -- they make the very idea of happiness seem unreliable. “Celebrate!” commanded the ads for the arthritis drug Celebrex, before we found out it could increase the risk of heart attacks.
But what we forget -- what our economy depends on us forgetting -- is that happiness is more than pleasure without pain. The things that bring the greatest joy carry the greatest potential for loss and disappointment. Today, surrounded by promises of easy happiness, we need art to tell us, as religion once did, Memento mori: remember that you will die, that everything ends, and that happiness comes not in denying this but in living with it. It’s a message even more bitter than a clove cigarette, yet, somehow, a breath of fresh air.
36. By citing the examples of poets Wordsworth and Baudelaire, the author intends to show that ________.
 poetry is not as expressive of joy as painting or music  art grows out of both positive and negative feelings  poets today are less skeptical of happiness
 artists have changed their focus of interest
37. The word “bummer” (Line 5, paragraph 5) most probably means something ________.  religious
 unpleasant  entertaining  commercial
38. In the author’s opinion, advertising ________.
 emerges in the wake of the anti-happy art
 is a cause of disappointment for the general public
  
 
 replaces the church as a major source of information
 creates an illusion of happiness rather than happiness itself
39. We can learn from the last paragraph that the author believes ________.  happiness more often than not ends in sadness
 the anti-happy art is distasteful but refreshing
 misery should be enjoyed rather than denied
 the anti-happy art flourishes when economy booms
40. Which of the following is true of the text?
 Religion once functioned as a reminder of misery.
 Art provides a balance between expectation and reality.  People feel disappointed at the realities of modern society.  Mass media are inclined to cover disasters and deaths.


#2005
The human nose is an underrated tool. Humans are often thought to be insensitive smellers compared with animals, 大1家 this is largely because, 大2家 animals, we stand upright. This
means that our noses are 大3家 to perceiving those smells which float through the air, 大4家 the majority of smells which stick to surfaces. In fact, 大5家 , we are extremely sensitive to smells, 大6家 we do not generally realize it. Our noses are capable of 大7家 human smells even when
these are 大8家 to far below one part in one million.
Strangely, some people find that they can smell one type of flower but not another, 大9家 others are sensitive to the smells of both flowers. This may be because some people do not have the genes necessary to generate 大10家 smell receptors in the nose. These receptors are the cells
which sense smells and send 大11家 to the brain. However, it has been found that even people insensitive to a certain smell 大12家 can suddenly become sensitive to it when 大13家 to it
often enough.
The explanation for insensitivity to smell seems to be that the brain finds it 大14家 to keep
all smell receptors working all the time but can 大15家 new receptors if necessary. This may 大16家 explain why we are not usually sensitive to our own smells—we simply do not need to be. We are not 大17家 of the usual smell of our own house, but we 大18家 new smells when we visit someone else’s. The brain finds it best to keep smell receptors 大19家 for unfamiliar and
emergency signals 大20家 the smell of smoke, which might indicate the danger of fire. 1.  although  as  but  while

                    
  
 2.  above
3.  limited
4.  catching
5.  anyway
6.  even if
7.  distinguishing
8.  diluted
9.  when
10.  unusual
11.  signs
12.  at first
13.  subjected
14.  ineffective
15.  introduce
16.  still
17.  sure
18.  tolerate
19.  available
20.  similar to

 unlike
 committed  ignoring  though
 if only
 discovering  dissolved  since
 particular  stimuli
 at all
 left
 incompetent  summon  also
 sick
 repel
 reliable
 such as
Section II
 excluding  dedicated  missing
 instead
 only if
 determining  dispersed  for
 unique
 messages  at large
 drawn
 inefficient  trigger
 otherwise  aware
 neglect
 identifiable  along with
 besides  confined  tracking  therefore  as if
 detecting  diffused  whereas  typical
 impulses  at times  exposed  insufficient  create
 nevertheless  tired
 notice
 suitable
 aside from

Reading Comprehension
  
 Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing , ,  or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1 (40 points)
 1
Everybody loves a fat pay rise. Yet pleasure at your own can vanish if you learn that a colleague has been given a bigger one. Indeed, if he has a reputation for slacking, you might even be outraged. Such behaviour is regarded as “all too human,” with the underlying assumption that other animals would not be capable of this finely developed sense of grievance. But a study by Sarah Brosnan and Frans de Waal of Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, which has just been published in Nature, suggests that it is all too monkey, as well.
The researchers studied the behaviour of female brown capuchin monkeys. They look cute. They are good-natured, co-operative creatures, and they share their food readily. Above all, like their female human counterparts, they tend to pay much closer attention to the value of “goods and services” than males.
Such characteristics make them perfect candidates for Dr. Brosnan’s and Dr. de Waal’s study. The researchers spent two years teaching their monkeys to exchange tokens for food. Normally, the monkeys were happy enough to exchange pieces of rock for slices of cucumber. However, when two monkeys were placed in separate but adjoining chambers, so that each could observe what the other was getting in return for its rock, their behaviour became markedly different.
In the world of capuchins, grapes are luxury goods (and much preferable to cucumbers). So when one monkey was handed a grape in exchange for her token, the second was reluctant to hand hers over for a mere piece of cucumber. And if one received a grape without having to provide her token in exchange at all, the other either tossed her own token at the researcher or out of the chamber, or refused to accept the slice of cucumber. Indeed, the mere presence of a grape in the other chamber (without an actual monkey to eat it) was enough to induce resentment in a female capuchin.
The researchers suggest that capuchin monkeys, like humans, are guided by social emotions. In the wild, they are a co-operative, group-living species. Such co-operation is likely to be stable only when each animal feels it is not being cheated. Feelings of righteous indignation, it seems, are not the preserve of people alone. Refusing a lesser reward completely makes these feelings abundantly clear to other members of the group. However, whether such a sense of fairness evolved independently in capuchins and humans, or whether it stems from the common ancestor that the species had 35 million years ago, is, as yet, an unanswered question.
21. In the opening paragraph, the author introduces his topic by ________.  posing a contrast
 justifying an assumption
 making a comparison
 explaining a phenomenon
22. The statement “it is all too monkey” (Last line, Paragraph l) implies that ________.

  
 monkeys are also outraged by slack rivals
 resenting unfairness is also monkeys’ nature
 monkeys, like humans, tend to be jealous of each other  no animals other than monkeys can develop such emotions
23. Female capuchin monkeys were chosen for the research most probably because they are ________.
 more inclined to weigh what they get
 attentive to researchers’ instructions
 nice in both appearance and temperament  more generous than their male companions
24. Dr. Brosnan and Dr. de Waal have eventually found in their study that the monkeys ________.  prefer grapes to cucumbers
 can be taught to exchange things
 will not be co-operative if feeling cheated
 are unhappy when separated from others
25. What can we infer from the last paragraph?
 Monkeys can be trained to develop social emotions.
 Human indignation evolved from an uncertain source.
 Animals usually show their feelings openly as humans do.  Cooperation among monkeys remains stable only in the wild.
 2
Do you remember all those years when scientists argued that smoking would kill us but the
doubters insisted that we didn’t know for sure? That the evidence was inconclusive, the science uncertain? That the antismoking lobby was out to destroy our way of life and the government should stay out of the way? Lots of Americans bought that nonsense, and over three decades, some 10 million smokers went to early graves.
There are upsetting parallels today, as scientists in one wave after another try to awaken us to the growing threat of global warming. The latest was a panel from the National Academy of Sciences, enlisted by the White House, to tell us that the Earth’s atmosphere is definitely warming and that the problem is largely man-made. The clear message is that we should get moving to protect ourselves. The president of the National Academy, Bruce Alberts, added this key point in the preface to the panel’s report: “Science never has all the answers. But science does provide us with the best available guide to the future, and it is critical that our nation and the world base important policies on the best judgments that science can provide concerning the future consequences of present actions.”
Just as on smoking, voices now come from many quarters insisting that the science about global
 
  
warming is incomplete, that it’s OK to keep pouring fumes into the air until we know for sure. This is a dangerous game: by the time 100 percent of the evidence is in, it may be too late. With the risks obvious and growing, a prudent people would take out an insurance policy now.
Fortunately, the White House is starting to pay attention. But it’s obvious that a majority of the president’s advisers still don’t take global warming seriously. Instead of a plan of action, they continue to press for more research -- a classic case of “paralysis by analysis.”
To serve as responsible stewards of the planet, we must press forward on deeper atmospheric and oceanic research. But research alone is inadequate. If the Administration won’t take the legislative initiative, Congress should help to begin fashioning conservation measures. A bill by Democratic Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia, which would offer financial incentives for private industry, is a promising start. Many see that the country is getting ready to build lots of new power plants to meet our energy needs. If we are ever going to protect the atmosphere, it is crucial that those new plants be environmentally sound.
26. An argument made by supporters of smoking was that ________.
 there was no scientific evidence of the correlation between smoking and death  the number of early deaths of smokers in the past decades was insignificant  people had the freedom to choose their own way of life
 antismoking people were usually talking nonsense
27. According to Bruce Alberts, science can serve as ________.  a protector
 a judge  a critic  a guide
28. What does the author mean by “paralysis by analysis” (Last line, Paragraph 4)?  Endless studies kill action.
 Careful investigation reveals truth.
 Prudent planning hinders progress.
 Extensive research helps decision-making.
29. According to the author, what should the Administration do about global warming?  Offer aid to build cleaner power plants.
 Raise public awareness of conservation.
 Press for further scientific research.
 Take some legislative measures.
30. The author associates the issue of global warming with that of smoking because ________.
 
  
 they both suffered from the government’s negligence  a lesson from the latter is applicable to the former  the outcome of the latter aggravates the former
 both of them have turned from bad to worse
 3
Of all the components of a good night’s sleep, dreams seem to be least within our control. In dreams, a window opens into a world where logic is suspended and dead people speak. A century ago, Freud formulated his revolutionary theory that dreams were the disguised shadows of our unconscious desires and fears; by the late 1970s, neurologists had switched to thinking of them as just “mental noise” -- the random byproducts of the neural-repair work that goes on during sleep. Now researchers suspect that dreams are part of the mind’s emotional thermostat, regulating moods while the brain is “off-line.” And one leading authority says that these intensely powerful mental events can be not only harnessed but actually brought under conscious control, to help us sleep and feel better, “It’s your dream,” says Rosalind Cartwright, chair of psychology at Chicago’s Medical Center. “If you don’t like it, change it.”
Evidence from brain imaging supports this view. The brain is as active during REM (rapid eye movement) sleep -- when most vivid dreams occur -- as it is when fully awake, says Dr, Eric Nofzinger at the University of Pittsburgh. But not all parts of the brain are equally involved; the limbic system (the “emotional brain”) is especially active, while the prefrontal cortex (the center of intellect and reasoning) is relatively quiet. “We wake up from dreams happy or depressed, and those feelings can stay with us all day.” says Stanford sleep researcher Dr. William Dement.
The link between dreams and emotions shows up among the patients in Cartwright’s clinic. Most people seem to have more bad dreams early in the night, progressing toward happier ones before awakening, suggesting that they are working through negative feelings generated during the day. Because our conscious mind is occupied with daily life we don’t always think about the emotional significance of the day’s events -- until, it appears, we begin to dream.
And this process need not be left to the unconscious. Cartwright believes one can exercise conscious control over recurring bad dreams. As soon as you awaken, identify what is upsetting about the dream. Visualize how you would like it to end instead; the next time it occurs, try to wake up just enough to control its course. With much practice people can learn to, literally, do it in their sleep.
At the end of the day, there’s probably little reason to pay attention to our dreams at all unless they keep us from sleeping or “we wake up in a panic,” Cartwright says. Terrorism, economic uncertainties and general feelings of insecurity have increased people’s anxiety. Those suffering from persistent nightmares should seek help from a therapist. For the rest of us, the brain has its ways of working through bad feelings. Sleep -- or rather dream -- on it and you’ll feel better in the morning.
31. Researchers have come to believe that dreams ________.  can be modified in their courses
 are susceptible to emotional changes
 
  
 reflect our innermost desires and fears  are a random outcome of neural repairs
32. By referring to the limbic system, the author intends to show ________.  its function in our dreams
 the mechanism of REM sleep
 the relation of dreams to emotions
 its difference from the prefrontal cortex
33. The negative feelings generated during the day tend to ________.  aggravate in our unconscious mind
 develop into happy dreams
 persist till the time we fall asleep
 show up in dreams early at night
34. Cartwright seems to suggest that ________.
 waking up in time is essential to the ridding of bad dreams  visualizing bad dreams helps bring them under control
 dreams should be left to their natural progression
 dreaming may not entirely belong to the unconscious
35. What advice might Cartwright give to those who sometimes have bad dreams?  Lead your life as usual.
 Seek professional help.
 Exercise conscious control.
 Avoid anxiety in the daytime.
 4
Americans no longer expect public figures, whether in speech or in writing, to command the
English language with skill and gift. Nor do they aspire to such command themselves. In his latest book, Doing Our Own Thing: The Degradation of Language and Music and Why We Should, Like, Care, John McWhorter, a linguist and controversialist of mixed liberal and conservative views, sees the triumph of 1960s counter-culture as responsible for the decline of formal English.
Blaming the permissive 1960s is nothing new, but this is not yet another criticism against the decline in education. Mr. McWhorter’s academic speciality is language history and change, and he sees the gradual disappearance of “whom,” for example, to be natural and no more regrettable than the loss of the case-endings of Old English.
But the cult of the authentic and the personal, “doing our own thing,” has spelt the death of formal speech, writing, poetry and music. While even the modestly educated sought an elevated tone
 
  
when they put pen to paper before the 1960s, even the most well regarded writing since then has sought to capture spoken English on the page. Equally, in poetry, the highly personal, performative genre is the only form that could claim real liveliness. In both oral and written English, talking is triumphing over speaking, spontaneity over craft.
Illustrated with an entertaining array of examples from both high and low culture, the trend that Mr. McWhorter documents is unmistakable. But it is less clear, to take the question of his subtitle, why we should, like, care. As a linguist, he acknowledges that all varieties of human language, including non-standard ones like Black English, can be powerfully expressive -- there exists no language or dialect in the world that cannot convey complex ideas. He is not arguing, as many do, that we can no longer think straight because we do not talk proper.
Russians have a deep love for their own language and carry large chunks of memorized poetry in their heads, while Italian politicians tend to elaborate speech that would seem old-fashioned to most English-speakers. Mr. McWhorter acknowledges that formal language is not strictly necessary, and proposes no radical education reforms -- he is really grieving over the loss of something beautiful more than useful. We now take our English “on paper plates instead of china.” A shame, perhaps, but probably an inevitable one.
36. According to McWhorter, the decline of formal English ________.  is inevitable in radical education reforms
 is but all too natural in language development
 has caused the controversy over the counter-culture
 brought about changes in public attitudes in the 1960s
37. The word “talking” (Line 6, Paragraph 3) denotes ________.  modesty
 personality  liveliness  informality
38. To which of the following statements would McWhorter most likely agree?  Logical thinking is not necessarily related to the way we talk.
 Black English can be more expressive than standard English.
 Non-standard varieties of human language are just as entertaining.
 Of all the varieties, standard English can best convey complex ideas.
39. The description of Russians’ love of memorizing poetry shows the author’s ________.  interest in their language
 appreciation of their efforts
 admiration for their memory
  
 
 contempt for their old-fashionedness
40. According to the last paragraph, “paper plates” is to “china” as ________.  “temporary” is to “permanent”
 “radical” is to “conservative”
 “functional” is to “artistic”
 “humble” is to “noble”

#2004
Many theories concerning the causes of juvenile delinquency (crimes committed by young people) focus either on the individual or on society as the major contributing influence. Theories 1 on the individual suggest that children engage in criminal behavior 2 they were not sufficiently penalized for previous misdeeds or that they have learned criminal behavior through 3   with others. Theories focusing on the role of society suggest that children commit crimes in 4   to their failure to rise above their socioeconomic status, 5 as a rejection of middle-class values.
Most theories of juvenile delinquency have focused on children from disadvantaged families, _ 6 the fact that children from wealthy homes also commit crimes. The latter may commit crimes 7 lack of adequate parental control. All theories, however, are tentative and are 8   to criticism.
Changes in the social structure may indirectly 9 juvenile crime rates. For example, changes in the economy that 10 to fewer job opportunities for youth and rising unemployment 11 make gainful employment increasingly difficult to obtain. The resulting discontent may in 12 lead more youths into criminal behavior.
Families have also 13 changes these years. More families consist of one-parent households or two working parents; 14 ，children are likely to have less supervision at home 15   was common in the traditional family 16 . This lack of parental supervision is thought to be an influence on juvenile crime rates. Other __17_ causes of offensive acts include frustration or failure in school, the increased __ 18 _ of drugs and alcohol, and the growing   19 of child abuse and child neglect. All these conditions tend to increase the probability of a child
               committing a criminal act, 20
a direct causal relationship has not yet been established.
 1.  acting
2.  before
3.  interaction 4.  return
5.  or
6.  considering 7.  on
8.  immune
9.  affect
10.  point
11.  in general 12.  case
 relying  unless
 assimilation  reply
 but rather  ignoring
 in
 resistant
 reduce  lead
 on average  short
 centering  until
 cooperation  reference
 but
 highlighting
 for
 sensitive
 chock  come
 by contrast  turn
 commenting  because
 consultation  response
 or else  discarding
 with  subject
 reflect  amount
 at length  essence

 
 13.  survived 14. contrarily 15.  than
16.  system 17.  assessable 18.  expense 19.  incidence 20.  provided
 Directions:
 noticed  consequently
 that
 structure  identifiable  restriction
 awareness  since
Section II
 undertaken  similarly
 which  concept
 negligible  allocation
 exposure  although
 experienced  simultaneously
 as  heritage
 incredible  availability
 popularity  supposing
Reading Comprehension
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing , ,  or . Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
 1
Hunting for a job late last year, lawyer Gant Redmon stumbled across CareerBuilder, a job database on the Internet. He searched it with no success but was attracted by the site’s “personal search agent”. It’s an interactive feature that lets visitors key in job criteria such as location, title, and salary, then E-mails them when a matching position is posted in the database. Redmon chose the keywords legal, intellectual property and Washington, D.C. Three weeks later, he got his first notification of an opening. “I struck gold,” says Redmon, who E-mailed his resume to the employer and won a position as in-house counsel for a company.
With thousands of career-related sites on the Internet, finding promising openings can he time-consuming and inefficient. Search agents reduce the need for repeated visits to the databases. But although a search agent worked for Redmon, career experts see drawbacks. Narrowing your criteria, for example, may work against you: “Every time you answer a question you eliminate a possibility,” says one expert.
For any job search, you should start with a narrow concept—what you think you want to do—then broaden it. “None of these programs do that,” says another expert. “There’s no career counseling implicit in all of this.” Instead, the best strategy is to use the agent as a kind of tip service to keep abreast of jobs in a particular database; when you get E-mail, consider it a reminder to check the database again. “I would not rely on agents for finding everything that is added to a database that might interest me,” says the author of a job-searching guide.
Some sites design their agents to tempt job hunters to return. When CareerSite’s agent sends out messages to those who have signed up for its service, for example, it includes only three potential jobs—those it considers the best matches. There may be more matches in the database; job hunters will have to visit the site again to find them—and they do. “On the day after we send our messages, we see a sharp increase in our traffic,” says Seth Peets, vice president of marketing for CareerSite.
Even those who aren’t hunting for jobs may find search agents worthwhile. Some use them to keep a close watch on the demand for their line of work or gather information on compensation to
  
 
arm themselves when negotiating for a raise. Although happily employed, Redmon maintains his agent at CareerBuilder. “You always keep your eyes open,” he says. Working with a personal search agent means having another set of eyes looking out for you.
21. How did Redmon find his job?
 By searching openings in a job database.
 By posting a matching position in a database.  By using a special service of a database.
 By E-mailing his resume to a database.
22. Which of the following can be a disadvantage of search agents?
 Lack of counseling.  Limited number of visits.  Lower efficiency.  Fewer successful matches.
23. The expression “tip service” (Line 4, Paragraph 3) most probably means   .  advisory.  compensation.
 interaction.  reminder.
24. Why does CareerSite’s agent offer each job hunter only three job options?  To focus on better job matches.
 To attract more returning visits.
 To reserve space for more messages.
 To increase the rate of success.
25. Which of the following is true according to the text?
 Personal search agents are indispensable to job-hunters.
 Some sites keep E-mailing job seekers to trace their demands.
 Personal search agents are also helpful to those already employed.
 Some agents stop sending information to people once they are employed.
 2
Over the past century, all kinds of unfairness and discrimination have been condemned or made illegal. But one insidious form continues to thrive: alphabetism. This, for those as yet unaware of such a disadvantage, refers to discrimination against those whose surnames begin with a letter in the lower half of the alphabet.
It has long been known that a taxi firm called AAAA cars has a big advantage over Zodiac cars when customers thumb through their phone directories. Less well known is the advantage that Adam Abbott has in life over ZoëZysman. English names are fairly evenly spread between the halves of the alphabet. Yet a suspiciously large number of top people have surnames beginning with letters between A and K.
Thus the American president and vice-president have surnames starting with B and C respectively; and 26 of George Bush’s predecessors (including his father) had surnames in the first half of the alphabet against just 16 in the second half. Even more striking, six of the seven heads of government of the G7 rich countries are alphabetically advantaged (Berlusconi, Blair, Bush, Chirac, Chrétien and Koizumi). The world’s three top central bankers (Greenspan, Duisenberg and Hayami) are all close to the top of the alphabet, even if one of them really uses Japanese characters. As are the world's five richest men (Gates, Buffett, Allen, Ellison and Albrecht).
 
 
Can this merely be coincidence? One theory, dreamt up in all the spare time enjoyed by the alphabetically disadvantaged, is that the rot sets in early. At the start of the first year in infant school, teachers seat pupils alphabetically from the front, to make it easier to remember their names. So short-sighted Zysman junior gets stuck in the back row, and is rarely asked the improving questions posed by those insensitive teachers. At the time the alphabetically disadvantaged may think they have had a lucky escape. Yet the result may be worse qualifications, because they get less individual attention, as well as less confidence in speaking publicly.
The humiliation continues. At university graduation ceremonies, the ABCs proudly get their awards first; by the time they reach the Zysmans most people are literally having a ZZZ. Shortlists for job interviews, election ballot papers, lists of conference speakers and attendees: all tend to be drawn up alphabetically, and their recipients lose interest as they plough through them.
26. What does the author intend to illustrate with AAAA cars and Zodiac cars?  A kind of overlooked inequality.
 A type of conspicuous bias.
 A type of personal prejudice.
 A kind of brand discrimination.
27. What can we infer from the first three paragraphs?
 In both East and West, names are essential to success.
 The alphabet is to blame for the failure of ZoëZysman.
 Customers often pay a lot of attention to companies’ names.  Some form of discrimination is too subtle to recognize.
28. The 4th paragraph suggests that   .
 questions are often put to the more intelligent students
 alphabetically disadvantaged students often escape from class  teachers should pay attention to all of their students
 students should be seated according to their eyesight
29. What does the author mean by “most people are literally having a ZZZ” (Lines 2-3, Paragraph 5)?
 They are getting impatient.
 They are noisily dozing off.
 They are feeling humiliated.
 They are busy with word puzzles.
30. Which of the following is true according to the text?
 People with surnames beginning with N to Z are often ill-treated.  VIPs in the Western world gain a great deal from alphabetism.  The campaign to eliminate alphabetism still has a long way to go.  Putting things alphabetically may lead to unintentional bias.
 3
When it comes to the slowing economy, Ellen Spero isn't biting her nails just yet. But the
47-year-old manicurist isn't cutting, filing or polishing as many nails as she'd like to, either. Most of her clients spend $12 to $50 weekly, but last month two longtime customers suddenly stopped
 
 
showing up. Spero blames the softening economy. “I'm a good economic indicator,” she says. “I provide a service that people can do without when they're concerned about saving some dollars.” So Spero is downscaling, shopping at middle-brow Dillard's department store near her suburban Cleveland home, instead of Neiman Marcus. “I don't know if other clients are going to abandon me, too,” she says.
Even before Alan Greenspan's admission that America's red-hot economy is cooling, lots of working folks had already seen signs of the slowdown themselves. From car dealerships to Gap outlets, sales have been lagging for months as shoppers temper their spending. For retailers, who last year took in 24 percent of their revenue between Thanksgiving and Christmas, the cautious approach is coming at a crucial time. Already, experts say, holiday sales are off 7 percent from last year's pace. But don't sound any alarms just yet. Consumers seem only mildly concerned, not panicked, and many say they remain optimistic about the economy's long-term prospects even as they do some modest belt-tightening.
Consumers say they're not in despair because, despite the dreadful headlines, their own fortunes still feel pretty good. Home prices are holding steady in most regions. In Manhattan, “there's a new gold rush happening in the $4 million to $10 million range, predominantly fed by Wall Street bonuses,” says broker Barbara Corcoran. In San Francisco, prices are still rising even as frenzied overbidding quiets. “Instead of 20 to 30 offers, now maybe you only get two or three," says John Tealdi, a Bay Area real-estate broker. And most folks still feel pretty comfortable about their ability to find and keep a job.
Many folks see silver linings to this slowdown. Potential home buyers would cheer for lower interest rates. Employers wouldn't mind a little fewer bubbles in the job market. Many consumers seem to have been influenced by stock-market swings, which investors now view as a necessary ingredient to a sustained boom. Diners might see an upside, too. Getting a table at Manhattan's hot new Alain Ducasse restaurant used to be impossible. Not anymore. For that, Greenspan & Co. may still be worth toasting.
31. By “Ellen Spero isn’t biting her nails just yet” (Line 1, Paragraph 1), the author means_____.  Spero can hardly maintain her business.
 Spero is too much engaged in her work.
 Spero has grown out of her bad habit.
 Spero is not in a desperate situation.
32. How do the public feel about the current economic situation?
 Optimistic.  Confused.  Carefree.  Panicked.
33. When mentioning “the $4 million to $10 million range”(Lines 3, Paragraph 3), the author is talking about _______
 gold market.
 real estate.
 stock exchange.
 venture investment.
34. Why can many people see “silver linings” to the economic slowdown?
 They would benefit in certain ways.
 The stock market shows signs of recovery.  Such a slowdown usually precedes a boom.
 
 
 The purchasing power would be enhanced.
35. To which of the following is the author likely to agree?
 A new boom, on the horizon.
 Tighten the belt, the single remedy.  Caution all right, panic not.
 The more ventures, the more chances.
 4
Americans today don't place a very high value on intellect. Our heroes are athletes, entertainers, and entrepreneurs, not scholars. Even our schools are where we send our children to get a practical education—not to pursue knowledge for the sake of knowledge. Symptoms of pervasive anti-intellectualism in our schools aren't difficult to find.
“Schools have always been in a society where practical is more important than intellectual,” says education writer Diane Ravitch. “Schools could be a counterbalance.” Ravitch's latest book. Left Back: A Century of Failed School Reforms, traces the roots of anti-intellectualism in our schools, concluding they are anything but a counterbalance to the American distaste for intellectual pursuits.
But they could and should be. Encouraging kids to reject the life of the mind leaves them vulnerable to exploitation and control. Without the ability to think critically, to defend their ideas and understand the ideas of others, they cannot fully participate in our democracy. Continuing along this path, says writer Earl Shorris, “We will become a second-rate country. We will have a less civil society.”
“Intellect is resented as a form of power or privilege,” writes historian and professor Richard Hofstadter in Anti-intellectualism in American Life, a Pulitzer-Prize winning book on the roots of anti-intellectualism in US politics, religion, and education. From the beginning of our history, says Hofstadter, our democratic and populist urges have driven us to reject anything that smells of elitism. Practicality, common sense, and native intelligence have been considered more noble qualities than anything you could learn from a book.
Ralph Waldo Emerson and other Transcendentalist philosophers thought schooling and rigorous book learning put unnatural restraints on children: “We are shut up in schools and college recitation rooms for 10 or 15 years and come out at last with a bellyful of words and do not know a thing.”Mark Twain's Huckleberry Finn exemplified American anti-intellectualism. Its hero avoids being civilized—going to school and learning to read—so he can preserve his innate goodness.
Intellect, according to Hofstadter, is different from native intelligence, a quality we reluctantly admire. Intellect is the critical, creative, and contemplative side of the mind. Intelligence seeks to grasp, manipulate, re-order, and adjust, while intellect examines, ponders, wonders, theorizes, criticizes, and imagines.
School remains a place where intellect is mistrusted. Hofstadter says our country's educational system is in the grips of people who “joyfully and militantly proclaim their hostility to intellect and their eagerness to identify with children who show the least intellectual promise.”
36. What do American parents expect their children to acquire in school?
 
 
 The habit of thinking independently.  Profound knowledge of the world.
 Practical abilities for future career.
 The confidence in intellectual pursuits.
37. We can learn from the text that Americans have a history of________.  undervaluing intellect.
 favoring intellectualism.
 supporting school reform.
 suppressing native intelligence.
38. The views of Raviteh and Emerson on schooling are ______.
 identical.  similar.  complementary.  opposite. 39. Emerson, according to the text, is probably _________.
 a pioneer of education reform.  an opponent of intellectualism.  a scholar in favor of intellect.  an advocate of regular schooling.
40. What does the author think of intellect?  It is second to intelligence.
 It evolves from common sense.  It is to be pursued.
 It underlies power